yes , i know what you guys are thinking , " hey , it ' s the guy from twitter . " 
i ' m glad to be on cable . the truth is , i ' ve dreamed of being a talk show host on basic cable ever since i was 46 . 
i ' m happy to report that we ' re already # 1 in tbs ' s key demographic—people who can ' t afford hbo . 
it ' s not easy doing a late - night show on a channel without a lot of money and that viewers have trouble finding . so that ' s why i left nbc . 
that ' s right—the whitest man in show business is back…on the second blackest channel on tv . 
earlier today , former president george w . bush appeared on " oprah winfrey . "   when asked about being the leader of the free world , oprah winfrey said , " it ' s not bad . " 
apple just launched its online store in china . apple says this is an exciting opportunity to sell ipods to the very kids who make them . 
a police officer in london is in trouble for allegedly slipping references to songs into his official reports . authorities became suspicious when they read the part that said " time of death : i like big butts and i cannot lie . " 
earlier this week 20 , 000 angry demonstrators protested president obama ' s visit to indonesia . apparently , 3 out of 4 indonesians believe he ' s an american . 
amazon . com is coming under fire for selling a book about pedophilia . if you think that ' s bad , you should see what amazon says buyers of the book " might also like . " 
nasa is working on a robot capable of running the international space station . the project was reported in the " journal of things that could never possibly go wrong . " 
it was recently announced that a fourth jason bourne movie will be made , but without matt damon .   this one will be called , " the bourne straight to video . "   
victoria ' s secret has unveiled a new $ 2 million bra encrusted with diamonds , topaz , and sapphire . they ' re calling it " perfect for the woman who wants to get to second base with a gay man . " 
the other night , three women at a georgia waffle house were arrested for brawling over a cigarette . the three women were released on bail and immediately hired to work at the georgia waffle house . 
in taiwan , a zookeeper has been fined after the birth of 3 ligers which are the offspring of a lion and a tiger .   then the zookeeper got in even more trouble after the birth of the man - opotamus . 
in a survey of 35 cities , los angeles ranked second to last in " intelligence . " residents of la were outraged after the report was slowly explained to them . 
a carnival cruise ship finally docked after losing power for 3 days - resulting in small portions of bad food and smelly toilets . the ship is being repaired and turned into a taco bell . 
at last night ' s soul train awards , wolf blitzer accepted an award on behalf of eminem . it was soul train ' s prestigious " all you white people look the same to us " prize . 
in britain , prince william is reportedly engaged to his longtime girlfriend . it ' s a big step up from her previous status , " peasant with benefits . " 
according to a new survey , 1 in 10 men use the internet to look at porn . the survey has a margin of error of 9 . 
during a recent fight in kentucky , a man cut off another man ' s beard – and forced him to eat it . in a related story , i am staying the hell out of kentucky . 
there ' s a new smartphone app that tests for stds by having users urinate on a computer chip – and then insert the chip into your phone . finally – a way to get urine inside my phone ! 
yesterday , the gap opened its first store in china . and today , 60 million chinese workers showed up wearing the same khakis . 
according to the washington post , there is a national shortage of the hallucinogenic drug peyote . but if you want to spend a week in the mojave desert talking with coyotes , there ' s always jagermeister . 
in england , a new restaurant has opened that ' s just for dogs .   it ' s the only restaurant where the waiter asks , " would you like to sniff the cork and my ass ? " 
i ' m so excited by the challenge of creating an all - new show on an all - new channel . and the even more exciting challenge of trying to find that channel . 
in san diego , a man refused to be patted down by airport security and some people are calling him " a hero . "   personally , i don ' t mind being patted down by airport security , but i don ' t like it when the guy says , " now you do me . " 
reports suggest that passages from george w . bush ' s new book may have been lifted from other books .   especially the parts about dumbledore and voldemort . 
former president clinton has a cameo in the new " hangover 2 " movie .   when asked why clinton is in the movie , producers said , " there are some things mike tyson will not do . " 
voters in   arizona have approved a measure allowing medical marijuana . so arizona is now the 15th state you can pretend to have glaucoma in . 
in alaska , a thief broke into a home and found $ 100 , 000 in cash but only took $ 20 , 000 .   police are now on the lookout for a man with simple dreams . 
there are a number of websites in india that offer to write essays for american students . teachers say they can tell which essays are from india because they always start , " hello ma ' am , and how are you today ? " 
there is a social networking site that pairs up women who want breast implants with men who will pay for them . you can check it out at losangelescalifornia . com . 
people are criticizing the new high - tech airport security scanners . they ' re afraid that pictures of their genitals could end up on the internet . apparently , no one ' s told them that without pictures of genitals — there would be no internet . 
former president george w . bush broke ground today on the site of his presidential library . or as he calls it , " big george ' s shushy place . " 
while in thailand , former president bill clinton shot a cameo for the movie , " the hangover 2 . " when asked what he was doing in thailand , bill clinton got very quiet . 
the new oxford dictionary has declared sarah palin ' s made - up word " refudiate " the 2010 word of the year . palin was honored and said she ' ll continue to do her best to " dismangle " the english language . 
a woman in china is getting a lot of attention for being the first mother to go on chinese television and say something supportive about having a gay son . unfortunately , all she said was " it ' s still better than having a daughter . " 
a cruise line is offering a so - called , " cougar cruise " for women in their forties and fifties and much younger men .   the cruise will get underway as soon as a man signs up . 
scientists now think that neanderthals lived fast and died young .   so don ' t expect season 3 of " jersey shore . "       
today , jack - in - the - box offered 2 free tacos to all their customers who came in after 2 o ' clock . no one took them up on it . 
a recent study has found that people with high iqs are more likely to be up late . in a related story , tbs is moving us to afternoons at 3pm . 
hi , i ' m conan o ' brien . and as a safety precaution , you ' re more than welcome to touch my junk . 
authorities say a 67 - year - old man in wisconsin was so enraged over bristol palin ' s " dancing with the stars " routine he blasted his television with a shotgun . all i can say is , i ' m glad this guy doesn ' t have tbs . 
bristol palin and " the jersey shore ' s " the situation are in a new public service announcement promoting abstinence . unfortunately , there ' s an awkward moment halfway through the psa when they have sex . 
president george w . bush ' s new memoir came out this week and it has already sold 800 , 000 copies .   in a related story , the bush presidential library announced it purchased its first 800 , 000 books . 
in saudi arabia , officials recently shut down access to facebook—saying that some of the content had " crossed the line . " apparently , the last straw was a facebook game called , " rate the ankles . " 
a new justin bieber doll hit stores this week .   it ' s 18 inches tall with no genitalia—still no word on what the doll is like . 
tourism experts say that the city of paris , france has a serious bed bug problem . when they heard about it , french people said " looks like 500 years of not showering has come back to literally bite us in the ass . " 
in detroit , a man recently bought a powerball ticket worth $ 128 million at an adult book store . see kids—look what can happen when you turn off your fancy internet and masturbate to books . 
a pennsylvania man has been charged with stealing and swallowing his mother ' s ring , and police are now waiting for him to excrete it . they ' ve been telling him " we can do this the easy way , or the taco bell way . " 
tsa chief john pistole says he and his boss , homeland security secretary janet napolitano , have each personally received the new , more invasive tsa pat - down . it ' s being called , " the world ' s least sexy threesome . " 
a california district attorney has vowed to prosecute any tsa agent who touches a passenger inappropriately . the da said , " there ' s a time and a place for inappropriately touching a californian , and it ' s called ‘an audition . ' " 
donald trump wants to see if people think he should run for president so a website has been launched called shouldtrumprun . com . the american public has responded with their own website , no . com . 
levi johnston has announced that he ' s not going to do any more interviews for awhile . when asked why , levi said " because i ' ve already used all the words i know . " 
facebook and myspace are planning to make a joint announcement today .   to make sure people get the message , they are only posting it on facebook . 
experts believe that by the year 2066 , white people will be a minority in great britain . so as a precaution , the country plans to change its name to tyler perry ' s great britain . 
this past weekend , more than 40 teams of harry potter fans met in new york city to compete for the 4th annual quidditch world cup . out of respect for their families , the names of the winners were not announced . 
had a good weekend .   i went out and saw the new hit movie , " harry potter and the long line of single people . " 
secretary of state hillary clinton said that she would not like to go through the new tsa pat - downs .   after hearing this , bill clinton said , " i think we all know where hillary stands on being touched . " 
this past weekend , all 33 - of the trapped chilean miners were here in los angeles for an interview with cnn . but after a day of sitting in traffic , they decided to go back to the mine . 
] the turkey president obama pardons this year will come from california . a spokesman for the turkey says it doesn ' t need a pardon , it needs a job . 
there ' s now a version of " rolling stone " magazine that ' s being published specifically for the middle east . it ' s called , " throwing stone . " 
myspace announced that it will now let people use their myspace accounts to log into facebook . in another big change , myspace is officially changing its name to " facebook ' s - bitch . com . " 
a company in new zealand has begun making a recreational jetpack that costs $ 100 , 000 . experts are already calling it " the world ' s most expensive way to die . " 
the other day , bill nye " the science guy " collapsed while giving a speech . luckily , the speech was being attended by his brother : mike nye " the mouth - to - mouth guy . " 
oprah winfrey surprised her audience with a royal caribbean cruise , a $ 2 , 400 philip stein watch , and a 52 - inch sony 3 - d television . i guess what i ' m trying to say is , you people here tonight came to the wrong show . 
a male tsa agent wrote on a blog that he hates coming to work , " knowing full well that my hands will be feeling another man ' s private parts , their butt , their inner thigh . " the man has since quit the tsa so he could write songs for lil ' kim .   
a company in san francisco is coming out with " gluttony pants " specifically designed for overeating .   or as americans call them , " pants . " 
north and south korea exchanged artillery fire over a border dispute .   secretary of state hillary clinton is calling it , " a significant geopolitical flareup , " and bill clinton is calling it " hot asian - on - asian action . " 
the royal wedding between prince william and kate middleton may be filmed in 3d . experts say this is terrible news for prince charles ' ears . 
the pope said that it ' s okay for male prostitutes to use condoms when they have sex with their customers . but only if they ' re really really in love . 
the dalai lama says that when he retires he expects to be replaced by someone from india .   so it ' s official , people in india are now taking everyone ' s jobs . 
the show " 60 minutes " now has an app for the ipad .   the " 60 minutes " app is called " iwillhavemygranddaughterexplainthistome . " 
campbell ' s soups announced its sales have fallen by almost 10% .   some are blaming this on the unpopularity of campbell ' s new flavor , " cream of charlie sheen . " 
last night bristol palin lost to jennifer grey on " dancing with the stars " . the good news is , when a palin loses , they tend to just sort of quietly disappear . 
today a woman here in california wore a bikini to the los angeles airport hoping to bypass the tsa pat - down . that woman is still being patted down . 
it ' s being reported that the new tsa pat downs have been especially upsetting for the very small number of people who are named " pat downs . " also not thrilled – delta airlines pilot jim rectalsearch . 
in england , the royal family has announced that they will pay for prince william ' s wedding to kate middleton . when he heard this , mr . middleton said " you ' re goddamn right you will . " 
bill clinton will travel to zurich next week to present reasons why the united states should host the 2022 world cup . at least that ' s what he told hillary . 
the dalai lama has announced that he will be giving up many of his duties as the spiritual leader of tibet in anticipation of retirement . luckily , he ' s already trained his successor – son - in - law dirk lama . 
in france , a man has been arrested for giving marijuana to some local ducks . authorities became suspicious when the ducks stopped eating bread – and started demanding chex mix . 
larry king has been named the grand marshal of this year ' s hollywood christmas parade . parade officials said , they decided to honor jesus with another 2 , 000 year old jewish guy . 
the other day , more than 40 high school and college teams went to new york city to compete in the 4th annual quidditch tourament .   it ' s been 4 years now and not a single competitor has gotten hurt or gotten laid . 
a new study claims that men often become aroused by the smell of pumpkin pie . this study was published in " things to say when you ' re caught with your penis in a pie " magazine . 
today is a big online shopping day which is officially called cyber monday . it ' s followed up tomorrow by " identity theft tuesday . " 
president obama got elbowed during a basketball game and had to receive 12 stitches . obama says it was almost as embarrassing as the time he was dunked on by barney frank . 
during a recent interview , sarah palin said , " we ' ve got to stand with our north korean allies . "   when told that north korea is not our ally , palin said , " i ' m sorry i meant east korea . " 
after dropping a touchdown pass , a wide receiver for the buffalo bills sent an angry tweet blaming god .   lucky for him , he blamed the old testament god who is still on myspace . 
former president george w . bush stopped by facebook ' s headquarters today for a live q & a . unfortunately , bush spent the entire time on " farmville " clearing brush . 
time warner cable is testing a premium service which sets a specific time for the cable installer to arrive . the two times available are " winter " and " spring . " 
according to bing , the most popular search term in 2010 has been " kim kardashian . " the second most popular search term was , " what is bing ? " 
police in brazil raided the office of a high - profile drug lord and found 11 tons of marijuana , weapons and a hand - painted mural of justin bieber .   incidentally , this is the only drug cartel whose kingpin is a 14 - year - old girl . 
on this year ' s " most fascinating people special , " barbara walters will interview the cast of " jersey shore . " so it ' s official : barbara walters is very easily fascinated . 
the website wikileaks released more than 250 , 000 secret government documents – including computer passwords for world leaders . the most shocking revelation ? kofi annan ' s password is bieberfan9 . 
a man in south carolina has been arrested for indecent exposure during a screening of " harry potter and the deathly hallows . "   the man was arrested after harry potter fans realized , " hey , that ' s not a wand . " 
starbucks is reportedly making plans to begin selling beer and wine at their coffee shops .   apparently , starbucks is having trouble finding sober people willing to pay 9 bucks for a cup of coffee . 
heineken has changed one of its ads – and critics say it ' s because the ad objectified women . when they heard about it , executives at budweiser said , " great – can we use it ? "   
yesterday , a snowball fight turned into a 500 person brawl in germany . out of habit , france immediately surrendered . 
an outdoor apparel company has released stiletto heels that can be worn while hiking . they say the stilettos should be make the climb up mount skankmore that much easier . 
yesterday , an irish author was awarded the 18th annual " bad sex in fiction prize . " her prize - winning novel begins , " conan o ' brien removed his robe… " 
happy hanukkah to all my jewish friends out there . and by that i mean my writing staff and la bamba . 
tonight at the white house , president obama will hold a ceremony for the first night of hanukkah . in response , the republicans said , " it ' s even worse than we thought—he ' s a jewish muslim . " 
according to leaked wikileaks documents , us officials think afghan leader hamid karzai is " paranoid " and " weak . "   when reached for comment , karzai said , " i was afraid of something like this but i guess there is nothing i can do . " 
the federal deficit commission is proposing raising the retirement age to 69 .   in other words , they want brett favre to play 2 more years .   
tsa administrator john pistole recently said that he would not permit the use of the full - body cavity search .   pistole said he prefers to use the term , " rectal piñata . " 
in a recent interview , former president george w . bush says that he ' s a huge fan of his new ipad . or as he calls it : his " glowing , magic window . " 
the obama administration recently set aside over 180 million acres of land for polar bears . when she heard about it , sarah palin said , " todd – get my gun . " 
a senator from oklahoma said he will not participate in his state ' s holiday parade until they put " christ " in the event ' s title . so everyone get ready this winter ' s " christ , it ' s cold out ! " parade . 
two oklahoma women were arrested for shoplifting over $ 2 , 000 worth of merchandise by hiding it in their body fat . police recovered the goods by telling the women , " we can do this the easy way , or the disgusting way . " 
" playboy " has released a special hard drive that contains every issue of " playboy " ever published . finally – a way to look at naked ladies on a computer ! 
bingo was created on this day in 1929 . coincidently , everyone who plays bingo was also created on this day back in 1929 . 
in a recent interview , justin bieber said that , despite having millions of dollars , he plans to go to college in a few years . bieber said he plans to major in " somewhere - between - men - and - women ' s studies . " 
tonight is the second night of hanukkah . actually since it ' s tbs , we ' re just re - running the first night . 
grammy nominations came out last night—cee - lo ' s song " f - - - you " was nominated for song of the year .   cee - lo said he will sing the song if he wins and will definitely sing it if he loses .   
" facebook " creator mark zuckerberg appeared on " 60 minutes . "   so in other words , zuckerberg was interviewed by the only people currently not on facebook . 
in norway , a boss recently made all of his female employees start wearing red bracelets when they ' re on their periods so he could regulate their bathroom breaks . his body has still not been found . 
jennifer lopez ' s ex - husband is threatening to release a sex tape that ' s 21 hours long . even stranger , the entire thing is narrated by morgan freeman . 
according to health officials , teenagers have started smoking nutmeg to get high . man , does this recession suck or what ? 
in japan , a produce company is selling " mozart bananas " – which are bananas that have ripened in a room where mozart is playing . the company hopes their mozart bananas go over better than their sir mix - a - lot yams . 
tonight is the sixth night of the jewish holiday " hanukkah . "   hanukkah lasts for 8 straight nights or the length of a kanye west press conference . 
today iran began holding hold high - level talks about its nuclear program with six major world powers . the participants were the u . s . , russia , china , britain , france and oprah winfrey . 
a number of states are trying anything they can do to get themselves out of debt . among those taking the most desperate measures : illinois , arizona , and north da - cocacola . 
in prison the other day , charles manson was caught with a cell phone under his mattress .   in his defense , apparently , manson said he was only using it to stab people . 
according to a recent report , borders books may buy out barnes and noble . but only so it can use their bathroom . 
the newest craze in book publishing is novels about the amish . which explains the # 1 new york times bestseller , " how jebediah got his groove back . " 
developers in kentucky plan on opening a creationist theme park .   when asked what the creationist theme park will look like , developers said , " it ' s still evolving . " 
the biggest winner on black friday was costco , which saw a 9% increase in sales .   so kids , i hope you ' re excited to rush downstairs christmas morning and tear open a 12 - gallon barrel of olives ! 
in florida , a man recently received a lifetime ban from wal - mart because he was caught masturbating inside the store . a spokesman for wal - mart is calling him their " worst greeter ever . " 
today oprah winfrey , took 300 members of her audience on an 8 day journey across australia . not to be outdone , i will drive 2 of you to outback steakhouse . 
it ' s hanukkah – and a group of students in new york recently broke the guinness world record for " most people spinning dreidels at one time . " so now the world record is 2 . 
the military issued a report claiming that 27% of young adults are too overweight to enlist – and the name of the report is " too fat to fight . " the best chapter is the one about paratroopers called " too plump to jump . " 
the other day in prison , charles manson was caught with a cell phone underneath his mattress . and you thought it was creepy getting a text from brett favre… 
7 - 11 announced that it is developing a house wine called " cherrywood cellars . " finally , a wine that you can microwave . 
in a new survey , one out of three men age 75 to 95 describe themselves as " sexually active . " the other two out of three describe themselves as " not rich . " 
more than a billion new $ 100 bills are now in storage due to a printing error . the fed didn ' t want to go into details about the error , but let ' s just say ben franklin never had a tramp stamp . 
this year ' s highest paid female and male reality tv stars are kim kardashian , who made $ 6 million dollars , and the " jersey shore ' s " the situation , who made $ 3 million dollars . let this be a lesson kids : stay out of school . 
in an interview with barbara walters , oprah winfrey said she is " not even kind of a lesbian . " it was an awkward moment , because it was in response to the question , " how was your flight ? " 
on a recent worldwide math test , american teenagers ranked 25th out of 34 countries . when they heard this , american teens said , " yeah right – like there ' s 34 countries ! " 
new york city taxi drivers have been asked to begin racially profiling their passengers . the drivers are being told to report " anyone who looks like them . " 
the other day in prison , charles manson was caught with a cell phone underneath his mattress . guards became suspicious when they noticed that manson had started wearing a bluetooth headset . 
president obama appeared on the discovery channel show , " mythbusters " to test the feasibility of archimedes ' s legendary solar ray .   if that doesn ' t boost his approval rating nothing will . 
7 - 11 recently announced that they are going to start selling their own brand of wine .   so finally , 7 - 11 is selling something that ' s supposed to sit on the shelf for decades . 
in louisiana , two 6 - year - olds and a 3 - year - old are being accused of robbing a home .   however , their attorney has entered a plea of " nah - uh ! " 
former " baywatch " actress donna d ' errico claims she was forced to go through a full tsa pat - down just because of her looks .   not only that , she claims she was forced to star on " baywatch " just because of her looks .   
jennifer lopez ' ex - husband is trying to release a sex tape he made of the two of them .   jennifer lopez says she plans to keep people from seeing the movie by promoting it heavily . 
16 billionaires , including facebook founder mark zuckerberg , signed a pledge that says they will give away most of their money . in a related story , today zuckerberg got 50 million new friend requests . 
facebook founder marc zuckerberg has signed a pledge to give away most of his money . he ' s going to do it by investing heavily in myspace . 
according to wikileaks , the airing of american tv in the middle east is helping to stop islamic extremism . apparently , would - be terrorists watch our reality shows and realize that they ' ve already won . 
one of the most popular shows in afghanistan is a police drama produced with american money .   the afghan cop show is called , " murder , she wasn ' t permitted to write . "   
on a recent worldwide math test , american teenagers ranked 25th out of 34 countries . when they heard they were 25th out of 34 , american teenagers said , " whoa whoa whoa – what ' s with all the numbers ? " 
because a chinese dissident won this year ' s nobel peace prize , china has started to censor news on the internet regarding the nobel prize ceremony .   for example , china ' s claiming bristol palin won . 
according to a new study , fewer american women over 40 are now getting annual mammograms . even worse , the place most of them get the mammogram is in the tsa screening line . 
it ' s been reported that many orthodox jews are starting to cautiously embrace the internet . for example , they ' ve already started sending spam emails offering to " slightly decrease your penis size right after you ' re born . " 
a new report says that 1 in 3 men from ages 75 to 95 are sexually active . so remember old ladies – if you want to have a threesome – you ' re actually going to need 6 guys . 
the roof of the metrodome , where the minnesota vikings play , collapsed over the weekend . so i guess even god wants brett favre to retire . 
ukraine announced plans to open the site of its nuclear meltdown at chernobyl to tourists next year .   they say going to chernobyl is just like going to disneyland , except the 6 foot mouse is real . 
anderson cooper announced the name of his new talk show is , " anderson . " i think i speak for everyone here on the staff of " conan " when i say , " god , what an ego ! " 
according to " time " magazine , the top tweet of 2010 was written by john mccain . experts say it ' s even more impressive – considering that mccain thought he was opening his garage door . 
at boston university , many people are complaining about a new website where students can log on and rank other students in terms of " hotness . "   many of the complaints come from a woman who is at most a " 3 . " 
google has announced their " strangest google searches of 2010 " – and # 1 on the list is " can a horse have ocd ? " apparently the search was made 50 times a day – every day – by a horse . 
at a church in easthampton , massachusetts , baby jesus has been stolen from the nativity scene 3 times in the last 12 years .   which explains easthampton ' s newest christmas tradition : " the bike locking of the baby jesus . " 
today , brazil successfully launched a rocket into space . brazil is now preparing for the rocket ' s return by carefully trimming and waxing the landing . 
after a long and illustrious career , this is larry king ' s final week of shows .   he ' s been at it a long time . when asked about it , larry said the call - in portion of his show really took off after they invented the telephone .   
people think they ' ve found the old internet dating profile of wikileaks ' founder julian assange and now it ' s been posted online .   after hearing about it , assange was furious and said , " some things are supposed to be private . " 
costco recently confirmed that it will no longer sell apple products in their stores . apparently , no one wants to buy a 124 - pack of ipads . 
on sunday , for the first time ever , an all - female team won cbs ' s " the amazing race . "   the two women described their secret technique as " asking directions . " 
according to a recent survey , the most hated emoticon is the smiley face with his tongue sticking out . what most people don ' t realize is that he ' s not making fun of you – he ' s just having a seizure . 
the olive garden recently sponsored a contest where the winner wins a trip to italy .   i don ' t know about you but i ' m personally hoping the winner is their chef . 
a 68 - year - old department store santa claus was fired after a woman complained that he told a risqué joke . the woman said , " when i sit on an old man ' s lap and tell him how naughty i am , i expect to be treated with respect . " 
the country of thailand recently opened its first condom museum .   because if there ' s one place that celebrates responsible sexual behavior – it ' s thailand . 
time magazine has named facebook founder mark zuckerberg its " person of the year . " zuckerberg said it was a tremendous honor , and then asked , " what ' s a magazine ? " 
today , president obama met with a group of ceos from top companies about creating more jobs for americans .   the ceos told obama , " we ' ll see what we can do " then they went back home to china . 
president obama has appointed jon bon jovi to a white house council that works to solve community problems .   obama made the decision because he thought it would be fun to say at least once , " get bon jovi on it ! " 
yesterday , the marine corps ' top general suggested that allowing gay soldiers on the battlefield would pose " a distraction . " then he added , " especially the really hot ones . " 
the united nations has voted to lift trade sanctions it imposed on iraq in 1990 . residents of iraq are excited – and say they can ' t wait to get the new boyz ii men album . 
earlier this week , pitcher cliff lee turned down a $ 154 million contract with the yankees in favor of a much smaller contract with the philadelphia phillies . unfortunately , this left the yankees with no choice but to buy the phillies . 
in a new end - of - the - year poll , americans chose the word " whatever " as the most annoying word of 2010 . especially when it ' s given in response to the question , " doctor , will i ever walk again ? " 
in a new interview , michael vick said that owning a dog would really help his rehabilitation .   after hearing this , dogs everywhere said , " we ' re good . " 
in a recent interview , david hasselhoff said that he is currently seeing   two women . then his manager stepped in and said , " david , that ' s one woman—you ' re drunk . " 
larry king started out his broadcasting career when he was just 23 . it was a different world back than—larry ' s first interview question was , " why only 10 commandments ? " 
at los angeles airport , a group of tsa agents has formed a choir to entertain passengers as they ' re going through security .   of course it ' s not helping that the only song the tsa choir sings is journey ' s " loving , touching , squeezing . " 
wikileaks editor julian assange was granted bail by a london court today .   at a press conference , assange said he will not be silenced and then told everyone who their secret santa is . 
a hotel in the united arab emirates has unveiled the most expensive   christmas tree ever , valued at 11 million dollars . i never thought i ' d say this , but i believe the united arab emirates has lost sight of the meaning of christmas ! 
during a recent interview , former president jimmy carter said that someday soon , americans could elect a gay president . then he winked , put on some lipstick , and said , " or maybe they already did , girlfriend ! " 
according to a new survey , facebook is the best company to work for in the upcoming year . that ' s mainly because it ' s the only place where your boss can ' t say anything if he catches you screwing around on facebook . 
in a new interview , michael vick said he ' d like to own a dog someday .   when asked to comment , dogs everywhere said , " meow . " 
an atlanta - based rapper is suing 50 cent for copyright infringement .   50 cent is being sued for copyright infringement by the rapper " one quarter , two dimes and a nickel . " 
starting friday it has rained here in los angeles for 4 straight days with no end in sight .   apparently , god is really angry larry king went off the air . 
it ' s been raining for 4 days here—i can tell most of my studio audience must be from out of town . no one in los angeles leaves their home when it rains . 
over the weekend , the senate officially voted to allow gay soldiers to serve in the military .   this is great news for gay soldiers and bad news for straight soldiers who were planning to say they were gay to get out of the army . 
a new kanye west christmas song has been leaked online . it ' s called " enough about the baby jesus – let ' s talk about me . " 
a new study says that having casual sex does not kill your chances of having a long - term relationship with that person . the study was published by the institute of guys . 
jersey shore star " ronnie " has been charged with assaulting a man off - camera during a taping . if convicted , ronnie could face up to 3 years in a library . 
a maker of women ' s sanitary pads has unveiled a new ad campaign saying their product will keep you from experiencing " wikileaks . "   hey , at least it ' s better than their last ad slogan : " caps your spill faster than bp . " 
driving conditions are terrible . it ' s so bad , i was driving home last night , and saw lindsay lohan slide onto the road . 
this is the winter solstice—this means today was the shortest day of the year .   unless your kid dragged you to the new yogi bear movie . 
the big movie this past weekend was " tron . " it ' s a mind - bending science fiction tale of a man who spends two hours inside a computer but somehow finds absolutely no porn . 
researchers have discovered that in ancient mexico , wolves were frequently cross - bred with dogs . experts describe the process as " less fun for the dog . " 
in germany , an airport recently hired clowns to try and entertain grumpy passengers whose flights had been delayed . none of the clowns survived . 
a theater in chicago is staging a version of charles dickens ' s " a christmas carol " starring klingons from star trek . the show honors the true meaning of christmas because the audience is full of virgins . 
kim kardashian said christmas is her family ' s favorite holiday . kim says it ' s the only time of the year she and her sisters aren ' t insulted when they hear , " ho , ho , ho . " 
it ' s been raining so hard that the rain briefly washed the hair out of justin bieber ' s eyes . 
it ' s raining so hard that charlie sheen locked a mermaid in his closet . 
we ' ve had record amounts of rain in southern california . which explains the new show on bravo , " the real houseboat wives of beverly hills . " 
this morning , president obama signed the official repeal of " don ' t ask , don ' t tell " into law . he would have signed it last night but supporters of the bill didn ' t want to miss last night ' s episode of glee . 
according to a new report , fewer santas - for - hire are finding work this holiday season .   i took my kids to the mall to see santa , and they had to tell their christmas wishes over the phone to rajiv in bangalore . 
there is a new web video that tells the story of the baby jesus and what it would have been like if there was facebook back then .   for instance , joseph describes his relationship with the virgin mary as " it ' s complicated . " 
according to a new survey , 70% of dog owners will give their dog a christmas present .   the most popular dog gift is a plastic bone , the least popular…a michael vick jersey . 
the washington post says that many religiously conservative people are getting upset at the tsa ' s new patdown procedures .   most offended are catholic priests , who ' ve been telling   the screeners , " you ' re doing it wrong ! " 
passengers on a recent virgin atlantic flight from new york became outraged when the flight crew allowed madonna to exit the plane way before everyone else . however , their outrage turned to joy when they realized the plane was still in the air . 
this holiday weekend , chicago ' s midway airport is featuring live blues and jazz performances for passengers waiting at baggage claim . not to be outdone , new york ' s jfk airport will feature baggage belonging to the passengers in chicago . 
a new article ranks the " 20 best christmas cities for kids . "   and once again the worst christmas city for kids : mecca . 
conservative televangelist pat robertson has come out in favor of decriminalizing marijuana . apparently , robertson just got to that part of the bible where jesus tells the apostles to " chill . " 
this holiday season , there is a smart phone app that will tell you how drunk you are . even better , the app tells you where your pants are and why brenda left you . 
china has opened the first ever all robot - waiter restaurant . the sad part is they were designed to be robot actors . 
the producers of the injury plagued spiderman musical now say they have put in a new safety precaution . now during the part where spiderman is supposed to fly over the audience , he will instead act out a scene from the vagina monologues . 
this week in florida , an 89 - year - old woman graduated from college . there was an awkward moment at the end of the ceremony – when she tossed her hat in the air – and her arm went with it . 
welcome to our first show of 2011 .   actually , to be honest , it ' s the first show of 2011 that tbs was willing to air . 
david and victoria beckham are expecting their fourth child . they said they knew they were pregnant when they heard a tiny sperm yell , " goooooallll ! ! ! ! ! " 
at this weekend ' s annual consumer electronics show , one of the big attractions was 3 - d television sets . apparently , it ' s the first time the people on " jersey shore " showed any depth . 
earlier today , new jersey governor chris christie signed the toughest anti - bullying laws in the nation . then someone gave governor christie a wedgie and said , " ha - ha – you ' ve got a girl ' s last name ! " 
mickey rourke says he is removing his two front teeth for an upcoming movie role . the movie is called , " the mickey rourke story . " 
a south korean film director has made the first ever fantasy movie filmed entirely on an iphone .   he made the movie by going to see " harry potter " and holding up his iphone . 
a company has created a bathroom scale that allows you to tweet your weight to your friends .   the company immediately went out of business . 
yesterday in new york city , hundreds of new yorkers rode the subway with no pants on because it was the annual " no pants subway ride . "   and today , hundreds of new yorkers rode the subway with no pants on because it was monday . 
in california , a 98 - year - old woman now has 100 grandchildren . when asked about it , the woman said , " most of the credit goes to my incredibly slutty daughters . "   
anyone notice the date ? today is january 11th , which makes it 1 - 11 - 11—something that only happens every 100 years .   when someone told larry king he said , " this again . " 
today is 1 - 11 - 11 .   normally , if you want to see 5 " ones " at the same time you ' d have to watch " the real housewives of new jersey . " 
in the tostitos bcs championship game , auburn defeated oregon to win the national championship trophy , presented by dr . pepper . but the real winner was diabetes . 
" american idol " producers are saying when the show returns next week with two new celebrity judges , there will be less put - downs and more support for the contestants . in other words , this will be the last season of " american idol . " 
mgm studios has announced that , despite their financial troubles , they will be releasing a new james bond film next year .   in light of the tough economic times , it will be titled " license to kill , and sell real estate on the side . " 
a swedish firm has designed an efficient city that features buildings on wheels that can be moved in or out of town as desired .   this ingenious city of the future is known as a " trailer park . " 
a man in canada is suing a company claiming the penis enlarger he bought from them doesn ' t work .   the penis enlargement company was shocked and said , " we ' ve never had someone willing to testify against us in open court before . " 
right now there is snow on the ground in 49 of the 50 states with the only exception being florida .   in other words in all 50 states , people are driving 20 mph on the highway . 
today san francisco celebrated the opening of the nation ' s first gay history museum . the museum is called " san francisco . " 
in recent interviews , natalie portman has been describing her solo sex scene in " black swan " as " super - awkward . "   meanwhile , guys have been describing it as " the thing that made them see a movie about ballet . " 
disney has announced they ' ll be opening a theme park in israel .   officials predict the most popular attraction will be the famous boat ride " it ' s a small yet occupied territory . " 
mgm says that the next james bond movie almost didn ' t get made because the economy is so bad . which explains the newest bond villain : cash4goldfinger . 
a prominent scientist has written a book urging nasa to send couples into space to study the effects of zero gravity on sex .   he also wants to send married couples into space to study the effects of zero sex . 
the other day a man held up a bank and demanded that the teller hand over all of her 20 - , 40 - and 60 - dolllar bills . luckily he left after the teller told him , " sir , all i have are 80s . " 
in japan , a video game developer has made a new game for bathrooms that users control with their urine stream . the game is available exclusively on the nintendo wii - wii . 
just days after the history channel   said it would not air a miniseries on the kennedys , showtime is also turning it down . fortunately , tbs has agreed to air it under the title " tyler perry ' s house of kennedys . " 
earlier today , secretary of state hillary clinton gave a speech to arab leaders and she urged them to enact real reform .   halfway through her speech , arab leaders looked around and asked , " why is a woman talking ? " 
disney has announced that they ' ll be opening a theme park in israel . to fit in with israeli sensibilities , its nickname will be changed from " the happiest place on earth " to " it could be worse . " 
the food and drug administration announced it will require the makers of vicodin and percocet to reduce their most potent ingredient . the announcement was made by the fda ' s medical chief , " dr . buzzkill . " 
there ' s a story in the paper about how more and more golfers are buying special gps devices that tell them how far away they are from the hole . the bad news , it ' s not for golf… 
there ' s a new website that allows you to do facebook , twitter , email , web surf and read the news all in one place .   that one place is called , " work . "   
in a new survey , employers said that worst mistake a job applicant can make is chewing gum or under - dressing . also not a great idea , picking up a framed picture of the boss ' daughter off his desk and saying " mind if i keep this ? " 
according to a new report , facebook is not popular in japan because japanese people are traditionally introverted and private . the report was written by someone who has never set foot in a karaoke bar . 
actress winona ryder says she is afraid of the internet , and that " the googling " will lead her to be a member of al qaeda . in a related story , winona ryder has become your grandmother . 
officials in memphis are trying to figure out what to do about a high school where 90 girls are pregnant .   for starters , they are going to get rid of their mascot , " the leaky trojan . " 
tonight we ' re going to feature the only 2 celebrities who were not insulted by ricky gervais at the golden globes . 
i was relieved ricky didn ' t mention me . then this morning , i took a shower and ricky popped his head through the curtain and said , " you call that a penis ? " 
in an interview ,   arnold schwarzenegger said that being governor of california cost him at least $ 200 million in lost movie roles .   however , most moviegoers say it was worth it . 
sources say brett favre has officially filed his retirement papers with the nfl .   he was able to do it quickly by going right to the nfl ' s " brett favre retirement window . " 
the creators of " glee " say that their super bowl episode will include " intense makeup , a couple of unexpected kisses , and a huge musical number with flaming whips . " in other words , it ' s a rerun . 
starting in may , starbucks will offer an extra - extra - large drink size known as " trenta . " starbucks says " trenta " is an italian word meaning , " 6 more ounces of burnt coffee . " 
according to a new study , video games can worsen your level of depression . among the games found most likely to increase depression : " call of whatever " and " guitar loser . " 
in la this morning , a woman gave birth to a healthy baby on the shoulder of the 605 freeway . it ' s amazing what people will do out here just to use the carpool lane . 
the chilean miners who were trapped in a mine for 69 days have formed their own corporation . finally – a company to give you advice on how to almost die underground . 
last week , police pulled over gary busey after they got a tip that he was driving erratically . apparently , the tip was , " gary busey is driving . " 
the naacp image award nominations were just announced , and the leader among all cable networks was our new home , tbs .   all i want to say is , tbs , you ' re welcome . 
today , regis philbin announced that he ' ll be retiring after 40 years on television .   it ' s a shame , because regis was only 60 years shy of breaking larry king ' s record . 
in a new interview , oprah winfrey said she has had her heart broken twice but she wouldn ' t say by whom . she did , however , say where she had the bodies buried . 
china in an effort to shed positive light on their leader , hu jintao , showed a flattering video of him in new york ' s times square .   apparently , it worked because today , jintao was adopted by a lesbian couple on the upper west side . 
it ' s being reported that kanye west will have a gay love scene in an upcoming movie .   the scene will involve a mirror and kanye west . 
200 cows recently died in the middle of a field in wisconsin – and no one knows the cause of death .   however , authorities suspect boredom . 
lakers star ron artest is in trouble for working a plug for in - n - out burger into a post - game interview . all i can say is how dare he make a shameless plug in the staples center ? 
despite cutting half of the city ' s police force , the mayor of camden , new jersey says that the city ' s crime statistics will not be affected . when asked how that ' s possible , he cited the new law which makes stabbing a misdemeanor .   
in a recent interview , nicole " snooki " polizzi said she no longer wants to be referred to as " snooki . " snooki says from now on , she ' d just like to be called " that slutty orange thing . " 
after months of negotiations , the government has finally told cable giant comcast that they may purchase nbc . i just have one thing to say : keep your receipt . 
earlier tonight , president obama held a state dinner for the premier of china , hu jintao .   the world leader with the funny name who grew up in asia said he enjoyed meeting jintao . 
senate majority leader harry reid says he will not be attending tonight ' s state dinner because he considers hu jintao " a dictator . "   in response , jintao said , " you ' ll be coming , you ' ll have the fish , and you ' ll like it ! " 
today the new republican - controlled house voted on whether to repeal the health care bill . and if that goes well , they ' re going to see what they can do about this whole " women voting " business . 
former california governor arnold schwarzenegger said he ' s considering doing a new movie where he plays a nazi . after being governor of california , arnold says he ' s looking for a role where people will hate him less . 
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi is caught in a scandal involving a 17 - year - old prostitute . berlusconi was outraged and said , " she told me she was a 16 year old prostitute ! " 
a shortage of a popular brand of tampons is creating a bidding war on ebay , where bids are as high as $ 76 . i ' m no expert , but i think if a woman will pay $ 76 for a tampon , let her have it . 
in new mexico , two third - graders have been caught smoking marijuana .   apparently , they smoke a lot of pot because both third - graders are 19 years old . 
in australia , a couple was saved from drowning by using their inflatable sex doll as a raft . afterwards , the husband turned to the wife and said , " and you wanted to leave her at home ! " 
the restaurant chain long john silvers is for sale . the company is currently looking for a buyer who has never eaten at a long john silvers . 
starting in march , playboy is going to be available on the ipad . it ' s perfect for the guy who prefers to masturbate in a crowded coffee shop . 
last night american idol premiered with two new judges , one of whom is 62 year old steven tyler . is it me , or is it weird when judges on the supreme court are younger than judges on american idol ? 
last night , president obama held a state dinner at the white house for chinese leader hu jintao .   at the end of the meal , jintao opened a fortune cookie that said , " you will lend us another trillion dollars . "   
more and more facts are coming out about chinese leader hu jintao – and apparently he is excellent at table tennis and has a photographic memory . he ' s also very very good at reinforcing stereotypes . 
during chinese premier hu jintao ' s visit to the white house , jintao shared a nice moment with 9 - year - old sasha obama .   jintao reportedly told her she was a pretty little girl and asked her how many ipods she could make in an hour . 
the producers of the broadway musical " spiderman " have come up with a new ending . it ' s called " telling the investors all their money is gone . " 
the dating website e - harmony is looking for a new ceo . strangely , the only thing it specifies in the job description is " no fatties . " 
a new study found that nearly 1 out of 3 people can ' t resist using facebook while in the bathroom . i ' m just grateful they ' re not using skype .   
wal - mart says they ' ve developed a plan to help their customers eat healthier . step 1 : lock the door to wal - mart . 
rapper lil wayne said that he just read the bible for the first time , and his favorite part was when a " character was once this , but he ended up being that . " no one has the heart to tell lil wayne he was actually reading " the very hungry caterpillar . " 
it ' s been reported that charlie sheen tried to pick up a woman using the line " i ' m an a - list actor . "   this is an improvement over sheen ' s old pick - up line , " do you take american express ? " 
today , oprah winfrey announced that she has found her half - sister who was given up for adoption as child .   then , so no one felt left out , oprah winfrey gave everyone in the audience their own half - sister . 
oprah winfrey introduced her long - lost half - sister and had her on her show today . when asked for comment , oprah winfrey ' s half - sister said , " guess what mo - fo ' s , i ' m rich ! " 
msnbc abruptly ended its relationship with keith olbermann last week , and apparently , there ' s a provision in his contract which states he ' s not allowed on television for at least six months .   or , as industry experts call it , " the conan . " 
breaking tradition , republicans and democrats will sit together , intermingled at tomorrow ' s state of the union address .   so , if for no other reason , just tune in for the raw sexual tension . 
a chicago court has ruled that former white house chief of staff rahm emanuel cannot run for mayor of chicago .   however , according to chicago law , emanuel is still perfectly free to purchase the position . 
today , the pope praised facebook but said it is no substitute for human interaction .   then the pope reminded everyone that human interaction is a sin .   
a class - action lawsuit has been filed against taco bell for false advertising .   the lawsuit is the result of taco bell ' s new slogan , " you might not get diarrhea . " 
a california company has developed a soda made with marijuana .   the soda is called " extremely mello yello . " 
last week in chicago , kanye west had to close a restaurant he owned .   apparently , the food was terrific but people were afraid that kanye might show up . 
president obama focused his state of the union speech on how to bring prosperity back to america .   it basically involves all of us convincing oprah winfrey we ' re her half - sister . 
three supreme court justices samuel alito , antonin scalia and clarence thomas did not attend tonight ' s state of the union address .   taking their place was steven tyler , jennifer lopez and randy jackson . 
the film " winter ' s bone " received 4 oscar nominations . " winter ' s bone " was nominated for best picture , best supporting actor , best actress , and best movie that has the same name as its porn version . 
the terrorist group hezbollah has taken power in lebanon , and opponents have declared a " day of rage . " or as it ' s known in the middle east , " tuesday . " 
republicans in congress are pushing president obama to cut the federal government ' s yearly subsidy to amtrak . so far the most effective way they ' ve suggested to keep amtrak from getting that money is to send it there on amtrak . 
this year for the first time ever , the super bowl will have no cheerleaders because neither team has any .   apparently , the packers used to have cheerleaders but they froze to death . 
a former catholic priest who left the church to marry his girlfriend is getting a new tv show . it ' s called " you won ' t believe how i met your mother . " 
for the fourth season of " jersey shore , " the cast members will be headed to italy .   it will mark the first time in history an italian man will see a young american woman walking by and go , " you know what ? i ' m good . " 
the theme of president obama ' s state of the union was " win the future . " it was much more inspiring than the original theme : " beat the rerun of top chef . " 
egypt is now in its second day of angry street protests , and secretary of state hillary clinton is calling for calm . because nothing calms an enraged arab country like a powerful woman ordering it around . 
prince william and kate middleton recently sent out their save - the - date notices to wedding guests via fax . apparently , the date they ' re trying to save is sometime in 1983 . 
oprah winfrey says that when she was looking for advice on how to approach her half - sister , she consulted dr . phil . unfortunately , dr . phil wasn ' t very much help – because he ' s a big dumb fraud . 
yesterday , facebook founder mark zuckerberg had his own facebook fan page hacked into . zuckerberg immediately ordered the hacker to be tracked down , seized , and hired . 
it ' s being widely reported that the meat content in taco bell ' s ground beef is only 36% . which explains their new slogan , " think outside the cow . " 
a recent study found that less than half of american students are proficient in science . then again – the results of the study were tabulated by american math students – so who the hell knows . 
marriott recently announced that they ' re going to make all of their hotel rooms porn - free . when they heard this , men everywhere checked into a marriott , unpacked their laptops , and said , " we ' ll just see about that ! " 
disney has a new cruise ship – and onboard , disney show - tunes play 24 hours a day . when he heard about it , satan said , " these guys are good . " 
a former catholic priest who left the church to marry his girlfriend is getting a tv show . the show will be called " leave it for beaver . " 
president obama answered questions on youtube today and he was asked 7 , 500 times about legalizing marijuana . and that was just from chad in portland . 
congress is proposing a bill that would give president obama a " kill switch " that he could use to freeze all activity on the internet if there were a national emergency . the kill switch goes by the top - secret code name " microsoft windows . " 
this weekend is oprah winfrey ' s birthday .   i don ' t want to ruin the surprise but i hear this time she ' s getting a full sister ! 
a storm hit the east coast yesterday leaving 300 , 000 people in the washington d . c . area without power .   the 300 , 000 people without power in washington are called " democrats . "   
last night ' s american idol featured their youngest contestants ever . some were so young , steven tyler hesitated before hitting on them . 
north korea has opened an amusement park comparable to disneyland . i ' m not sure how long it ' s going to last because kim jong - il isn ' t tall enough to go on any of the rides . 
in poland , there ' s a new board game for children designed to help them understand how hard life was under communist rule .   it ' s called " hungry hungry everyone . " 
a new study finds that four seconds of silence is enough to turn a conversation painfully awkward . especially if the four seconds is preceded by the phrase , " i got the tests back . " 
the head of taco bell said reports that their tacos are only 36% beef are not true – that the real figure is 88% . then he said , " but trust me – with that last 12% - we get real creative . " 
american officials say they support the egyptian protesters but are concerned about someone less stable replacing president mubarak .   i think they ' ve got a point because right now the favored candidate is " mohammed al - garybusey . " 
some americans are stuck in egypt—the state department told americans scheduled to fly out of egypt that they should bring their own food and water to the airport .   and also a plane . 
egyptian authorities have reported multiple incidents of people breaking into museums and stealing mummies . turns out they ' re just stealing the mummies so they can drive in the carpool lane . 
over the past few days , many celebrities have been tweeting about the unrest in egypt .   larry king even offered to go to egypt and personally speak to the pharaoh . 
today california governor jerry brown delivered his state of the state address . it wasn ' t very encouraging – brown opened the speech by asking , " anyone got a quarter ? "     
a woman who claims p . diddy is the father of her baby is suing him for 900 billion dollars .   the woman is being described as " very angry " and " very bad at math . " 
charlie sheen reportedly asked a porn star to babysit his kids – but sheen ' s ex - wife denise richards has issued a statement saying no porn stars will be babysitting their children . it just goes to show – there ' s no one way to raise a family . 
taco bell took out full - page ads in the wall street journal , the new york times , and usa today detailing the facts about their beef . not surprisingly , the ad makes great bathroom reading . 
the super bowl is this weekend – and this year , for the first time ever , the super bowl will not have cheerleaders . apparently , they couldn ' t find any women willing to cheer on ben roethlisberger . 
a british actor has been cast as the next superman . so congratulations to sir ben kingsley ! 
good news—egyptian president hosni mubarak announced he will not run for another term as president . the bad news is , this spring he ' s taking over for regis . 
ashton kutcher , ice t and fred durst of limp bizkit have all tweeted about the situation in egypt .   egyptian president hosni mubarak said he won ' t do anything until jared from subway weighs in . 
it was reported that charlie sheen will not be going to a rehab facility , he ' ll be rehabbing from home .   charlie made the decision after consulting with a stripper dressed like a doctor . 
today on her show , oprah winfrey talked about her experience of going vegan for a week and not touching any meat . she said it was easy—all she ate was taco bell . 
tomorrow is groundhog day . in los angeles , that ' s the day when the groundhog emerges from his hole and tells us whether we ' ll have six more weeks of awards shows . 
according to the latest research , sex during pregnancy is almost always safe . unless your wife comes home and catches you . 
7 - eleven is going to open 100 eco - friendly stores in japan . of course in japan – " eco - friendly " means " now with 20% less dead whale . " 
jonathan knight , member of new kids on the block , recently admitted that he ' s gay . so 1 down – 4 to go . 
a new report suggests that only 15% of the articles on wikipedia are written by women . this explains why the wikipedia article on " the vagina " is subtitled , " the cave of mystery . " 
today is groundhog day—today punxutawney phil poked his head out of his hole and predicted that winter was almost over .   then he was hit by 15 feet of snow and froze to death . 
while in egypt , cnn ' s anderson cooper was attacked and punched in the head by protestors . which brings up two questions : is it safe to send our media into such a hostile situation , and how do we get glenn beck over there ? 
in italy , women are mad at prime minister silvio berlusconi for his alleged affairs with prostitutes – so they ' ve planned a protest rally outside his mansion where they ' re going to throw panties . that ' ll show that dirty old man – more panties ! ! ! 
anthropologists have discovered a tribe in the amazon that has never made contact with the outside world . and guess what , even they are sick of all those geico commercials . 
charlie sheen is going to do 3 months of rehab , but he ' s going to be doing it in his own home . in a related story , charlie sheen has just changed his legal residency to the bogota , colombia hooters . 
it ' s being rumored that charlie sheen has asked for his rehab to go as quickly as possible so that all the people who depend on him financially can get back to work . his exact words were , " please your honor—these hookers have families to feed ! " 
egypt ' s president hosni mubarak said , " i ' d resign , but egypt would descend into chaos . " then he said , " now if you ' ll excuse me , i have to go look out a window for the first time in two weeks . " 
according to egyptian television , hosni mubarak ' s son gamal does not want to be egypt ' s next president . experts say it ' s no big deal – because if you ' ve seen one mubarek – you ' ve seen g ' mall . 
for the past week , every infant born at a hospital in pittsburgh has been swaddled in a yellow and black towel and given a steelers cap .   not only that , they wash the baby by pouring gatorade on its head . 
happy chinese new year everybody ! the chinese say the year is 4709 – we say the year is 2011 .   you know what , i ' m just going to guess they got the math right .   
fast food chain white castle announced they are taking reservations for valentine ' s day . it ' s the perfect place to bring that special lady you never want to hear from again . 
on his web site , bill o ' reilly said ocean tides could only be explained by god , then when told they were caused by the moon , he asked , " then how did the moon get there ? " in a related story , bill o ' reilly is a 5 year old boy . 
after the big snow storm in chicago , mayoral candidate rahm emanuel has been pitching in , digging cars out of the snow .   of course emanuel didn ' t help his campaign because he kept telling people , " thank god i don ' t live here . " 
in new zealand , a top government official was caught lying about his past—after he claimed that he once bobsledded against the team from " cool runnings . " experts are already calling it " the saddest lie ever . " 
tomorrow is facebook ' s 7th birthday . just think – 7 years ago – you were only in touch with people from high school you liked . 
during last night ' s super bowl , christina aguilera sang the wrong words during " the star - spangled banner . " even worse , the black eyed peas sang their songs exactly right . 
at his white house super bowl party , president obama served a menu that featured food from both wisconsin and pennsylvania . which explains why this morning , president obama tested positive for diabetes . 
john madden sat next to president bush at the super bowl . there was an awkward moment when they were both caught on the kiss - cam . 
yesterday , charlie sheen , who ' s supposed to be in rehab , hosted a super bowl party in the room in his mansion that ' s called " the porn room . " in the 12 step program , this step is known as step negative 7 . 
people are outraged that last night during the super bowl , the company groupon exploited tibet ' s troubles to promote their website .     a spokesperson for groupon said , " to see our apology , click on our website . " 
at an event over the weekend , former vice president dick cheney proclaimed egyptian president hosni mubarak " a good friend . "   in response , mubarak said , " that ' s not helping . " 
an italian art historian is claiming that " the mona lisa " is actually a portrait of leonardo davinci ' s male lover . experts say this would explain the painting ' s original title " the mona larry . " 
james franco is teaching a film class where students will study characters played by james franco in movies starring james franco . the class meets on tuesdays and thursdays , halfway up james franco ' s ass . 
doctors say that according to the latest research , sex during pregnancy is almost always safe and enjoyable . unless you ' re the baby – in which case it ' s terrifying . 
this weekend , the super bowl was the most watched show in television history .   until tonight !   
yesterday president obama called the coach of the green bay packers to congratulate him on his team ' s super bowl victory . then he met with the victims of the black eyed peas halftime show . 
this week marks one year since first lady michelle obama started her campaign to end obesity in america . meanwhile , at the exact same time everyone in wisconsin is proudly wearing cheese on their heads . 
an egyptian google executive has become a hero to the cairo protestors for creating a facebook page that helped spark the protests .   and yet still no luck selling his futon on craigslist . 
the catholic church has approved a new app that lets you make confessions over your iphone . it ' s also the first technology that raises the possibility of " accidentally butt - dialing god . " 
the u . s . immigration service is cracking down on the mexican fast food chain chipotle in an effort to find illegal immigrants .   the government is not investigating taco bell because no one from mexico has ever set foot in that place . 
the economics professor who helped craft president obama ' s healthcare plan is now going to explain that plan in a comic book .   in a related story , president bush has come out in favor of obama ' s healthcare plan . 
today in dallas a warehouse full of energy drinks caught fire . firefighters said the fire raged for 5 hours , and then just totally crashed . 
at a lunch for oscar nominees , actor james franco said that filming the movie " 127 hours " caused him " extreme physical pain . " then the guy who the movie is based on raised his hook and said , " really ? " 
the cleveland cavaliers set an nba record with their 25th straight loss last night .   see that lebron—you could be breaking records right now ! 
an animal rights group is trying to buy michael vick ' s former home to turn it into an animal rehab center . because that ' s just what abused animals want to hear : " it ' s going to be okay— you ' re going to michael vick ' s house ! " 
nearly 10 , 000 angry demonstrators gathered in downtown cairo , demanding that president mubarak step down . the egyptian government tried to disperse the crowd with tear gas and when that didn ' t work , a black eyed peas halftime show .   
christina aguilera is bouncing back from her super bowl appearance by singing this sunday at the grammys in a tribute to aretha franklin . christina will be accompanied by a full orchestra – and 135 teleprompters . 
it ' s been reported that jets quarterback mark sanchez is dating a girl in high school . so this definitely not the guy you want to hear say , " i ' m going to disneyland ! " 
a california man is suing disneyland after he was trapped in the " it ' s a small world " ride for 40 minutes . after hearing about it , the chilean miners said , " damn . we got off easy . " 
early reviews for the spiderman musical are out and the los angeles times called it " an artistic form of megalomania . "   and that ' s the last thing the critic wrote before he was killed by a falling spiderman . 
last night was the premiere of the justin bieber film , " never say never , " in 3 - d .   audience members said the 3 - d was so good , it was like his bangs were hanging over your face . 
in texas , officials want to take away a beauty queen ' s crown because she has put on too much weight .   they should have seen this coming because her talent in the pageant was " eating ham . " 
according to a new survey , 83% of prostitutes have facebook pages .   you can tell which facebook pages belong to prostitutes , because they list their relationship status as " it ' s simple . " 
in england , a 90 - year - old woman is teaching yoga .   or we think she is—she ' s been in the downward dog position for about 2 days now . 
breast - feeding activists plan to descend on washington this saturday for a public breast - feeding demonstration . also descending on washington this saturday - thousands of men saying , " what ? i ' m looking at the baby ! " 
a mother in queens was shocked to find porn on a dvd of her kids ' cartoons . the store says it ' s the woman ' s own fault for buying a dvd called " dora goes exploring . " 
hi i ' m conan o ' brien . i don ' t care what the people of egypt say , i am not stepping down . 
egyptian president hosni mubarak made a surprise announcement that he ' s going to stay in power for 6 more months . man , that guy really doesn ' t understand how groundhog day works . 
this afternoon , an egyptian general told thousands of cairo protesters , " all your demands will be met today . " when the crowd shouted , " democracy " the general responded , " almost all your demands will be met today . " 
representative christopher lee had to resign yesterday after he was caught sending a shirtless photo of himself to a woman he met on craigslist . on the bright side , he did manage to surprise his wife for valentine ' s day . 
representative christopher lee declined to comment about the craigslist scandal , stating only , " i have to work this out with my wife . " the he posted an ad on craigslist under , " man seeking really great excuse . " 
some people are saying lindsay lohan dressed inappropriately for her court appearance yesterday by wearing a short , tight fitting dress .   lohan apologized to the judge and said , " tomorrow , i ' ll steal something more appropriate . "   
according to a new report , the united arab emirates has surpassed the u . s . to become the world ' s fattest industrialized nation . all i have to say is united arab emirates—it is on ! 
the girlfriend of new york jets quarterback mark sanchez , who ' s only 17 , said that when he texted her at 2 am on a tuesday , she replied , " i have school tomorrow . "   then he texted back , " what a coincidence , i have jail tomorrow . " 
the nfl and the players ' union have cancelled their contract negotiations , which could mean no nfl football for next season . both sides agree this is the only way to prevent another black eyed peas half time show . 
this weekend at the grammys , dr . dre will perform for the first time in 10 years . dr . dre says he ' d like to perform more often – but his medical practice keeps him really busy . 
a south carolina legislator wants to ban prison inmates from using facebook .   a spokesperson for the inmates said , " they can take away our facebook but they can ' t stop us from poking each other . " 
happy valentine ' s day—or as single people call it , " drunk dial your ex " day . 
historians say that the first exchanges of valentine ' s day cards in america may have begun in the late 1600 ' s . of course , back then the most popular card said , " be my valentine…or i ' ll have you tried for witchcraft . " 
khloe kardashian and her husband , los angeles laker lamar odom are coming out with a cologne for valentine ' s day . the cologne is called " one of us has a skill . " 
this valentine ' s day , there ' s a new app called the " love calculator " that enables users to calculate their chances at love . of course sometimes the app goes by its original name , a " breathalyzer . " 
last night , lady gaga arrived at the grammys in what some people are describing as a carriage shaped like a giant egg . lady gaga says she didn ' t want to take the egg carriage – but her bacon truck would not start . 
last night , esperanza spalding won the grammy for best new artist , and afterwards the details on her wikipedia page were altered by angry justin bieber fans . specifically , her page now lists a " time of death . " 
at a gathering of conservative politicians this past weekend , a sarah palin impersonator drew more of a crowd than the real mitt romney . on the bright side , the fake sarah palin had some pretty good ideas . 
it ' s being reported that this week borders books will declare bankruptcy . i don ' t know how this happened , but i learned about it while reading a magazine in borders books that i had no intention of buying . 
charlie sheen visited with the ucla baseball team on friday and told them not to do crack . unfortunately , his exact quote was , " hands off—it ' s mine . " 
at a press conference this morning , president obama accidentally swore .   you can see the whole thing on the new sitcom , " shit my president says . " 
yesterday in iran , hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets in widespread protest . the protests were said to be inspired by the events in egypt and justin bieber getting robbed at the grammy ' s . 
it ' s being reported that former egyptian president hosni mubarak is thinking of moving to los angeles . of course , before you get him as a roommate , just know he ' s really hard to evict . 
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi , who is charged with having sex with an underage prostitute , will be tried by three judges—all of them female . when berlusconi heard the news , he high fived his lawyer and said , " i got this . " 
thai airlines announced that it will be hiring a team of transsexual flight attendants . that explains thai airlines ' new motto , " when flying to thailand isn ' t suspicious enough . " 
last friday , npr ' s " this american life " reported they may have stumbled upon the secret formula of coca - cola . even more surprising , the secret ingredient is pepsi . 
today in michigan , there was a summit for people who don ' t believe in global warming .   the summit was held about two hummer lengths past the aerosol can factory . 
doctors are trying to figure out what gave a mysterious illness to 170 people who attended a party at the playboy mansion . so far – they ' re leaning towards " the hot - tub . " 
the world - famous westminster dog show was this week – and for the first time ever one of finalists was a dog from china . the chinese dog lists his proudest accomplishment as " not being eaten . " 
today , big bird appeared on capitol hill to ask for more funding for pbs .   apparently times are so tough for big bird he had to rent his egg to lady gaga . 
donald trump has said he is considering buying the troubled new york mets . trump said the suggestion to buy the mets came from the same adviser who told him , " simple comb over , no one will notice . " 
borders books has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . the protection means that creditors can no longer collect debts from borders – but they can duck in anytime and use its bathroom . 
in toronto , a pizza parlor has been closed after police found 1 million dollars ' worth of marijuana there .   police were suspicious when they saw that the pizzeria promised delivery " in 30 days or less . " 
while the chilean miners were underground they looked at porn , smoked pot , and stayed up late at night debating the pros and cons of cannibalism . so basically – it was like college . 
a veteran san diego weatherman has pled guilty to charges of masturbating in public .   or as the weatherman called it , " precipitation caused by a high pressure build - up . " 
president obama met with facebook founder mark zuckerberg today . the good news is , zuckerberg said he could create new jobs – the bad news is , they ' re all in farmville . 
donald trump is said to be considering a run for the presidency in 2012 . trump says he ' s got a plan for reducing our deficit : combing the rest of our money over to hide it . 
it was reported today that last year , the kardashian sisters made 65 million dollars .   but before you get too upset , remember 10% of that goes directly to satan . 
tonight , justin bieber returns for his second appearance on csi .   this time , the murder victim is the woman who beat him out for the grammy . 
in ohio , a man is being called the amish bernie madoff for running an investment scheme that swindled amish families out of millions of dollars .   people became suspicious when they noticed his horse pulling a lamborghini .   
hawaii has legalized civil unions . or , as it was announced in the hawaiian state legislature : " one with 2 coconuts may now marry another with 2 coconuts . " 
archaeologists have found signs that , 15 , 000 years ago , people in what is now england ate the flesh of other humans .   in other words , in 15 , 000 years british food hasn ' t gotten any better . 
the best way to see if you have bad breath is to lick the back of your hand , let it dry , and then smell it . because why be known as " that guy with bad breath " when you could be known as " that hand licking weirdo . " 
today is paris hilton ' s 30th birthday – but she said she still looks like she ' s 20 . then her gynecologist popped his head up and said , " not down here you don ' t ! " 
happy president ' s day . or as it ' s being called in the middle east , " happy overthrow your president ' s day . " 
kanye west has been invited to the royal wedding between prince william and kate middleton .   apparently kanye was invited to serve as the " royal pain in the ass . " 
yemen ' s president ali abdullah saleh says that , despite protests , he has no plans to resign .   his exact words were , " the oscars are sunday , i ' ve got a widescreen at the palace—you do the math . " 
people across the middle east have started referring to the wave of uprisings as the " jasmine revolution . " experts say this makes it the first revolution that could double as a new type of " febreeze . " 
yesterday , 20 - year - old trevor bayne became the youngest person ever to win the daytona 500 .   even more incredible – he was texting the whole time . 
president obama filled in as the coach this weekend for his daughter sasha ' s basketball team . sasha clearly listened to her dad because all she did was drive straight down the center and piss everyone off . 
texas is reportedly going to give college students the right to carry guns on campus .   so i guess next semester , every college student in texas is getting straight a ' s . 
in havana , over 6 million people attended cuba ' s annual international book fair . as usual , the most popular book sold was " how to build a raft out of this book . " 
toyota has sponsored an online contest to determine what the plural of " prius " is – and the winner is " prii . " and the loser , of course , is anyone who wasted time on this stupid contest . 
a new online bakery is selling a cake that has another cake stuffed inside it . and stuffed inside that cake is a little piece of paper that says , " well done , fatty ! " 
in malaysia police arrested three men for stealing over 700 , 000 condoms . police describe the thieves as " overly optimistic . " 
libyan dictator moammar gadhafi said the people protesting against him are under the influence of " hallucination pills . "   in a related story , ten minutes ago , charlie sheen boarded a plane for libya . 
people from all 50 states and 14 countries have donated pizza to the protestors in wisconsin .   apparently , someone said , " how can we fix things in wisconsin ? i know , more cheese ! " 
rahm emanuel is expected to win today ' s mayoral election in chicago .   of course in keeping with chicago tradition , his victory was announced two weeks ago . 
justin bieber has gotten a haircut and he ' s donated his famous bangs to charity . upon receiving the bangs , the people of darfur said , " umm , thanks ? " 
queen elizabeth posted an ad online for an assistant in the buckingham palace washroom .   which is apparently , where she started before she worked her way up .   
in an effort to include gay people , facebook added two new relationship status options called " in a civil union " and " in a domestic partnership . "   then to make sure they didn ' t miss anyone they added another option called , " one time in college . " 
last week , the producers of " spiderman : the musical " hired a second writer , and this week , they hired a second director . and if that doesn ' t work , next week , they ' ll hire their first arsonist .   
according to the census bureau , new york city ' s famed little italy is now home to zero italians . so by law the neighborhood is now ready for an olive garden . 
ibm is now saying that watson , the computer that appeared on jeopardy last week , may now be used for medical diagnoses .   i ' m not sure i want to go to the doctor and hear , " what is…undescended testicle ? " 
welcome to what critics are calling " a show on television " / " it ' s an hour long , " raves usa today 
today , the us embassy began evacuating all remaining americans out of libya . the mission is being called operation " what the hell are you still doing in libya ? "     
apparently moammar gadhafi is a hypochondriac who is accompanied everywhere he goes by a sexy blonde ukrainian nurse .   after hearing about it , charlie sheen boarded a plane to libya . 
a new poll shows that donald trump could beat president obama in the 2012 presidential elections . the poll was taken by the world ' s top - of - the - line polling company , trump polls international ! 
in a recent interview , george clooney said that he ' s had sex with too many women to ever run for office .   right after saying this , clooney was immediately made prime minister of italy . 
a japanese tech company is developing a special wristwatch - like device that the elderly wear to monitor their health . it ' s considered a vast improvement over the original device they developed for seniors : a countdown clock . 
in memphis , a domino ' s pizza delivery driver saved the life of a woman , who normally ordered pizza every night , after she failed to call for three days .   the woman is now fine and back to slowly killing herself with domino ' s pizza . 
larry king announced that this spring he will be going on a national stand - up comedy tour .   it ' s going to be called the " almost deaf comedy jam . " 
it ' s being reported today that libyan leader moammar gadhafi described president obama an african of arab and muslim descent . immediately after the speech , gaddafi was given his own show on fox news . 
muammar gadaffi said " no sane person " would join the protests against him .   he then immediately joined the protests against him . 
gaddafi is now blaming the unrest in his country on osama bin laden .   when reached for comment , bin laden said , " sweet jesus , don ' t lump me in with that nut job . " 
the white house is considering supporting same sex marriage .   experts attribute the change to shifts in popular opinion , recent court cases , and president obama accidentally catching this week ' s episode of " glee . " 
a lot of people are mad at kanye west , because yesterday he tweeted " gold diggin ' bitches be getting pregnant on purpose . " today , kanye apologized and said i should have tweeted , " gold diggin ' bitches are getting pregnant on purpose . " 
a massive " world of warcraft " themed amusement park is being built in china . the chinese say that for true thrill seekers – nothing beats the sheer terror of riding on a rollercoaster built by children . 
scientists have discovered that a bite from a brazilian spider can cause an erection in men that lasts for hours . then again , nothing kills the mood quicker than telling your lady , " hang on , baby . let brazilian spider do its thing . " 
this week , abc news did a big report on " ginger abuse , " a form of bullying directed at people with red hair . unfortunately , i missed it because my cameramen were giving me a wedgie . 
last night was the academy awards and some critics are saying the show was too dull .   as a result , the academy has already named its co - hosts for next year , charlie sheen and moammar gadhafi . 
several tv critics are claiming that james franco was high while he was hosting the oscars last night .   if that ' s true , it means at least somebody enjoyed the show . 
last night the academy awards tried appeal to a younger demographic with hosts james franco and anne hathaway , but ratings were still down .   so next year the first presenter will be natalie portman ' s baby . 
one of the highlights of last night ' s oscars was a presentation by 94 - year - old kirk douglas .   of course , when the telecast began when he was only 89 . 
charlie sheen said he made so much money for cbs that when he showed up for work , they should have given him " sandwiches , massages , and hand jobs . " which , coincidentally , is the name of my new mall store . 
charlie sheen ' s publicist resigned today . i don ' t know about you – but i ' m really excited to see what charlie ' s like now that he ' s allowed to say whatever he wants . 
kirstie alley is rumored to be joining the next season of " dancing with the stars . " she ' s also rumored to be joining the new history channel show , " ice cream truckers . " 
due to a crackdown on craigslist , prostitutes are now advertising on facebook . you can tell if it ' s a prostitute ' s facebook profile if she offers to " friend you for 20 minutes . " 
the last us veteran of world war i has died at the age of 110 .   his last words were , " james franco ' s high . " 
charlie sheen opened a twitter account today . so get ready to finally hear what charlie sheen is thinking .   
in the past 48 hours , charlie sheen has given interviews to cnn ' s piers morgan , 20 / 20 , the today show , tmz , and good morning america .   wow—it ' s almost like he ' s on something that makes you want to talk a lot . 
state department officials are calling moammar gaddafi " disconnected from reality . " in fact , according to the state department , gaddafi thought this year ' s oscars were fantastic . 
the co - founder of aol recently joined president obama ' s council on economic competitiveness . the aol co - founder said , " gentlemen , i ' ve got 3 words that are going to change your life : dial up internet . " 
new hampshire is debating a bill that would classify some airport screenings as sexual assault . meanwhile , california is debating a bill that would classify those screenings as " doing what you need to do to get the part . " 
it ' s being reported that taco bell is spending $ 3 million in a new advertising campaign to battle public perception about their beef . that explains why they ' ve changed their slogan from " think outside the bun " to " hey , it ' s food for 89 cents ! " 
early this morning in hollywood , christina aguilera was arrested for public intoxication . police knew she was drunk , because she got all the lyrics to the national anthem right . 
kirstie alley is joining the cast of " dancing with the stars . " protesting that decision is the floor from " dancing with the stars . " 
the company that makes ferraris is introducing a brand new ferrari that can seat four people . finally – a way for the whole family to benefit from dad ' s small penis ! 
libyan dictator moammar gadhafi gave a rambling speech today that lasted nearly three hours . so at least now we know where all of charlie sheen ' s coke went . 
charlie sheen is on twitter now . that ' s right , her name is twitter and he met her on sunset boulevard . 
oprah winfrey has been invited by the new government in egypt to do a show from cairo . great , so they ' ve replace one power mad tyrant who ' s been in power for 30 years with another one . 
in a new book , pope benedict xvi officially finds the jewish people innocent of having killed jesus . the pope said the exoneration came because of new historical information , and because " those people have some damn good lawyers . " 
the senate has sent president obama a spending bill that gives the government just enough of a budget to keep going for two more weeks . in other words , our government has the financial planning skills of a college sophomore . 
kim kardashian released her first pop single on the radio today . the song ' s being put out on the new record label " why god why ? " 
people are upset with a new kraft foods ad because it features a grandmother telling her granddaughter that she dresses like a prostitute . the ad only has 2 lines : " grandma , can i have some mac & cheese ? " and " nice boots , whore . " 
in california , a new hydroponic marijuana store has opened that is being called " the wal - mart of weed . " it ' s just like a regular wal - mart – except instead of saying " welcome to wal - mart " the greeter says , " dude , have you seen greg ? " 
in new york city , keith richards ' daughter was arrested for writing graffiti on a wall .   you would think keith richards ' daughter would know better , given the fact she ' s 78 years old .   
a lock of justin bieber ' s hair sold on ebay today for over $ 40 , 000 . now here ' s my question—do you think i should frame it or make it into a bracelet ? 
charlie sheen joined twitter 2 days ago – and he already has 1 . 4 million people following him . though to be fair – most of those people work for the center for disease control . 
yesterday , charlie sheen set a new world record for fastest twitter account with a million followers beating out oprah winfrey . you know charlie , drugs and alcohol are one thing but now you ' re playing with fire . 
it ' s been reported that many of the protests in libya are being organized over a dating website . which explains why half the protest signs say , " no gaddafi ! " and the other half say , " no fatties ! " 
the wisconsin legislature has introduced a bill making it illegal to make a prank phone call . the bill is sponsored by state senators dick hertz and i . p . freely . 
brigham young university has kicked one of its star basketball players off the team for violating a school rule that prohibits sex outside of marriage . on the bright - side – something tells me he ' s going to do just fine in the nba . 
bill clinton has turned down an invitation to appear on " 30 rock . " apparently , he ' s still mulling over an offer to replace charlie sheen on " two and a half men . " 
in an interview with " rolling stone " magazine , jersey shore star snooki says she thinks the show makes her look bad . snooki blames it on the fact the show has a camera and microphones . 
while in space , the crew onboard discovery received a call from president obama . the president told them , " you are not going to believe what ' s happening with charlie sheen down here . " 
today , charlie sheen found out that he has been officially fired from " two and a half men . "   from now on the show will be known as , " the other guy and the kid . " 
charlie sheen announced as part of a humanitarian effort he ' s taking a trip to haiti .   sheen ' s exact quote was , " i want to show them what a real disaster looks like . " 
this morning , president obama attended a parent - teacher conference for his daughter sasha .   the teacher said there ' s room for improvement , she ' d like to see a little more cooperation and then they talked about sasha . 
earlier today , italian prime minister silvio berlusconi underwent 4 hours of dental surgery .   it was berlusconi ' s second longest oral procedure of the day .   
china ' s biggest barbie store is going out of business . it ' s so sad to think about all those poor little girls in china who are now out of a job . 
a northwestern university professor apologized saturday for letting a couple demonstrate the use of a sex toy after one of his classes . in particular because the class he teaches is " introduction to medieval german literature . " 
a flight attendant was fired from virgin airlines for placing a baby in the plane ' s overhead compartment . in the flight attendant ' s defense , that baby did not fit under the seat . 
next week on wwe ' s " monday night raw " snooki will step into the wrestling ring . it will be the first time snooki has rolled around with a guy on steroids since…yesterday . 
members of an internet group called " lesbians who look like justin bieber , " are upset that justin bieber cut his hair . i ' d just like to take a moment to assure all the members of " lesbians who look like conan o ' brien " that my hair isn ' t going anywhere . 
yesterday , charlie sheen was spotted on a rooftop shouting , drinking a bottle of red liquid labeled " tiger ' s blood , " and wielding a machete . i don ' t know about you , but i ' d love to see this guy ' s " to do " list . 
charlie sheen is angry that warner brothers fired him from " two and a half men " via text message . he said they could ' ve had the common decency to do it via insane , rambling webcast . 
charlie sheen posted online that he ' s looking for an intern . it ' s the first - ever internship where , if you do it correctly , you actually lose college credits . 
now that he ' s out of office , arnold schwarzenegger has been offered a role in a sequel to " the terminator . " in this one , schwarzenegger travels back in time to kill the person who suggested he run for governor . 
today , residents of los angeles are voting on a measure that would allow the city to tax any product sold at a medical marijuana dispensary .   if the measure passes , los angeles could be financially solvent in forty five minutes . 
according to a new poll that ranks politicians on their attractiveness , 300 pound new jersey governor chris christie was deemed hotter than president obama . the poll was taken in the candy aisle of a wal - mart . 
in a new interview , matthew mcconaughey said he once thought about becoming a defense attorney . mcconaughey decided against it when he learned that they have to wear shirts . 
in florida , a man was arrested tuesday for allegedly trapping a girlfriend ' s mother inside a fold - out couch . the man could face a year in prison , and a lifetime of high - fives . 
kim kardashian recently admitted that she stormed out of a recording session for her new single " jam . " unfortunately , then she went back in . 
according to a new report , charlie sheen is planning a road show , and he wants it to be " pro - women . "   of course , any woman performing with charlie sheen is likely to be a " pro . " 
in one of his latest rants , charlie sheen calls his former co - star jon cryer , " a turncoat , a traitor , a troll . " charlie then flipped to a different page in his dictionary and called him " a ukulele , an umbrella , a unicorn… " 
donald trump denies he is just pretending to talk about running for president in order to generate publicity for his tv show . trump says , " anyone who makes that accusation is clearly an ‘apprentice , '   and deserves to be ‘fired ' on a thursday at 9 . " 
potential republican presidential candidate newt gingrich , who famously cheated on wife number 2 with wife number 3 , says that he now prays for " god ' s forgiveness . " he said he also prays that wife number 3 never finds out about vanessa . 
in china , an annual st . patrick ' s day parade has been canceled . now the only question is : who ' s going to break the news to ming o ' sullivan . 
a high school teacher was recently forced to quit her teaching job when students found out she used to be a porn star . students said they were suspicious when the only comments she wrote on their papers were , " harder " and " faster . " 
wal - mart has announced that it will begin selling the ipad 2 this spring . though at wal - mart – the ipad2 will be sold as " one of them real fancy cookie sheets . " 
in a new interview in the new york times , hugh hefner reveals the age when he lost his virginity . it was the bronze age . 
in washington , a man tried to resuscitate a dog by using cpr .   at least , that ' s what he told his wife he was doing . 
after 60 years of service , the dalai lama is stepping down as the political leader of tibet . apparently , he heard there was an opening at " two and a half men . "   
today , the dalai lama announced that he is stepping down as the leader of tibet .   the dalai lama ' s exact quote was , " i ' ve had enough of this shit . " 
st . patrick ' s day is coming up . i ' ve never celebrated here in los angeles . the st . patrick ' s day parade here in los angeles starts in koreatown and ends up at the olive garden in little armenia .   
in a new interview , newt gingrich says he cheated on two of his wives because he was too consumed with love for his country .   apparently , he misunderstood the phrase , " please rise for the pledge of allegiance . " 
according to forbes magazine , the richest man in the world is a man from mexico .   he ' s oprah winfrey ' s gardener .   
the president of the ivory coast has dealt a blow to his chief political rival by seizing the nation ' s coffee supply . however , experts predict the real winner will be whoever gains control of the doughnuts . 
in a recent interview , lady gaga said she used to live in an apartment that was infested with cockroaches .   guess what—that ' s what happens when you have a closet full of meat dresses . 
today , lindsay lohan wore a minidress to court where she appeared to face charges of shoplifting .   apparently the dress was so short , you could still see part of the security tag . 
in britain , a blind man has kept his seeing - eye dog even though the dog has also gone blind .   the two have been missing for 3 weeks . 
the fox network is reportedly considering giving charlie sheen his own talk show .   charlie ' s talk show would be the only one with a 30 - hour monologue . 
sarah palin is in israel and she visited the wailing wall . there was an awkward moment when she looked at the wall and asked , " so , this is what keeps the mexicans out . " 
the first day of air strikes against libya cost more than 100 million dollars . or to put it in moammar gadhafi terms , five private beyonce concerts . 
silvio berlusconi missed the first day of his corruption trial because he was meeting with his cabinet about libya .   of course he cancelled the meeting after he realized libya is a country and not part of the female anatomy . 
according to a new poll , 29% of americans do not know who our vice president is . even worse , 59% of americans think our surgeon general is   dr . dre . 
this weekend , there was a " supermoon . "   this happens only once every 18 years or whenever kim kardashian makes a sex tape . 
there was an essay question on this year ' s sats that asked students to write about reality television .   in a related story , china has won . 
it ' s being reported that one of the co - founders of microsoft has purchased a russian fighter jet . he said , " if this doesn ' t get me laid , i give up . " 
tiger woods has a new girlfriend and she ' s 22 years old .   friends describe her as " outgoing " and " not someone who follows the news . "   
a man freed after being wrongfully imprisoned for twenty years said , " i ' m , personally , not angry . "   then he went on to say , " however , my ass is furious . " 
after an interview on " good morning america , " singer chris brown reportedly threw a chair and stormed out of the building .   so i guess the big news here is , chris brown has been dating a chair . 
one problem our military is encountering in libya is that they can ' t tell pro - and anti - gaddafi forces apart . so the un has just passed a resolution that the war be conducted as " shirts vs . skins . " 
they announced the official name of the us military action in libya and it ' s called " operation odyssey dawn . " the original title was the much more vague " operation - stripper ' s - name - followed - immediately - by - different - stripper ' s - name . " 
donald trump bragged that he once screwed libyan dictator moammar gadhafi on a real estate deal . then he said , " and you wouldn ' t believe the piece of crap datsun i unloaded on bin laden ! " 
the president of guatemala says after he leaves office he will divorce his wife so he can help her run for president . when he heard this , bill clinton said , " damn that is genius ! " 
last night , lindsay lohan ' s father was arrested in west hollywood . after being arrested , he was immediately placed in the county jail ' s " lohan wing . " 
in boston , a group of nuns is suing the catholic archdiocese to get access to their pension funds .   i just want to say , as someone who was once taught by boston nuns – give them whatever they want ! 
toy - maker mattel announced that they are updating the ken doll to be based on a real - life football player . which explains why the new ken doll has already fathered ten skippers by eight barbies . 
actor bradley cooper has reportedly left his girlfriend , renée zellweger .   on the bright side—it will be days before zellweger opens her eyes wide enough to notice . 
here in california marijuana farmers are extremely worried that radiation from japan could affect their crops . or for some reason maybe those marijuana farmers are just being paranoid . 
this past weekend , a 400 - pound former sumo wrestler ran the la marathon .   he should be done jiggling by june .   
a day after he got angry and trashed their backstage area , " good morning america " has invited chris brown to come back . this despite all of good morning america ' s best friends , saying , " don ' t do it , girl ! " 
it ' s being reported that moammar gadhafi is surrounded by an elite corps of 40 female bodyguards , all of whom are virgins . in a related story , today charlie sheen invaded libya . 
they announced the official name of the us military action in libya and it ' s called " odyssey dawn . "   this is the first u . s . military action ever to be named by crabtree and evelyn . 
while touring israel this week , sarah palin asked the israelis , " why are you apologizing all the time ? " israelis responded , " because we told people tina fey was coming . " 
during a recent press conference with president obama , the president of chile said , " i think the first lady of the u . s . is very good looking . "   so now , we ' re also at war with chile . 
it ' s been reported that the naacp is taking a greater interest in attracting leaders from the gay community . which explains why they ' ve renamed themselves " the national association for the advancement of color - coordinated people . " 
an actress who replaced the injured lead actress in the " spiderman " musical has now herself been injured .   then today she admitted she was just trying to " fit in . "   
internet officials have approved a special domain name " . xxx " for pornographic web sites . so finally – a home for porn on the internet ! 
yesterday , barry bonds ' lawyer told a jury that bonds never knew he was using steroids . bonds ' lawyer said his client thought it was natural for testicles to be reabsorbed by the body . 
earlier tonight , president obama gave a nationally televised speech about libya .   the speech was entitled , " no , i wasn ' t born there . "   
it ' s been revealed that a doctor once removed fat from moammar gadhafi ' s belly and injected it into his face . the doctor called the procedure , " operation : not helping . " 
in an interview today , donald trump called president george w . bush " the worst president in the history of the united states . " then he added , " until , of course , i ' m elected . " 
the new york times reports that general electric did not pay any taxes at all last year . of course that ' s because g . e . reported its sale of nbc as " a charitable donation . " 
lol and omg have officially been added to the oxford english dictionary . hey oxford english dictionary – wtf ? ? ? 
according to a new poll , most americans say they have at least one romantic regret . for men , the number one romantic regret is forgetting to close the browser window . 
a new study shows that women start to feel old at 29 , but men don ' t feel old until they ' re 58 . this explains at least two of larry king ' s marriages . 
according to a new report , medical marijuana sales are beginning to rival sales for viagra .   coincidentally users of both are often asked , " how high are you ? " 
last night , president obama ' s speech was watched by 25 million people . the sad thing is , it would have been watched by 50 million people if he had sung that " friday " song . 
president obama reportedly scheduled his speech on libya so it would not interfere with " dancing with the stars . " so as of now the obama policy is : " he ' s willing to embroil us in a 3rd war , but not willing to interrupt the karate kid ' s macarena . " 
britain will unveil a set of stamps commemorating the royal wedding of prince william and kate middleton . they ' re an exact replica of the royal couple in every way , except the stamps serve a useful function . 
today , possible presidential candidate donald trump released his birth certificate .   trump ' s birth certificate lists his eyes as " blue " and his hair as " ridiculous . " 
yesterday , the man known as the french spiderman successfully climbed the world ' s tallest building . when asked if he would consider performing in the spiderman musical , he said , " too dangerous . " 
a new company promises to give customers a pretend facebook girlfriend for others to see . it ' s yet another engineering triumph from the folks at " sadtronics . " 
at a florida wal - mart , one woman accused another of sleeping with her husband , and then bit her finger off .   it ' s being called " the healthiest thing anyone ' s ever eaten at a wal - mart . " 
over the past 50 years , a man in florida has donated 100 gallons of blood .   he ' s a guy known as " light - headed joe . "   
at a boston airport , a woman was arrested after trying to get past security wearing a diaper stuffed with 1 , 000 grams of cocaine . police say the giveaway was that her vagina kept yelling , " winning ! " 
in a new interview , president obama said he prays every night before bed .   or as fox news reported it , " obama in daily talks with allah . " 
earlier today , president obama gave a speech about finding alternatives to foreign oil and suggested one solution could be more nuclear power .   then obama admitted he doesn ' t really follow the news . 
nasa is planning to shut down its mars rover after an entire year of the probe not responding to calls from earth .   in the rover ' s defense , the majority of those were booty calls . 
today , a meeting was held to discuss whether building a 100 , 000 seat nfl stadium in the middle of downtown los angeles would make traffic worse . the meeting lasted 9 seconds . 
there ' s a new website that helps college students arrange hookups for casual sex . it ' s called " facebook . " 
a man in washington state is suing monster energy drinks after he found a dead mouse at the bottom of his can . in their defense , monster energy claims the can did say , " now with a crunchy protein boost ! " 
a new study indicates 93% of women feel their armpits are unattractive . the study was conducted by the association of researchers who have run out of questions to ask women . 
in england , farmers have begun feeding their cattle healthier food – because they need to reduce the amount of gas the cows are producing .   farmers also say they ' re going to stop falling for the old " pull my hoof " trick . 
during an appearance on fox news , sarah palin stated that we were in a " squirmish " with libya . after she was corrected , palin said , " listen – i shouldn ' t be expected to get everything 100% acura . " 
while appearing on fox news , donald trump said that president obama ' s birth certificate could indicate that " he ' s a muslim . "   trump said he doesn ' t trust anyone with a foreign sounding name and neither does his daughter ivanka .   
in maine , republicans are trying to loosen child labor laws in order to allow younger children to work more hours .   which explains why maine ' s license plates have replaced their motto , " vacationland " with " back to work , timmy . "   
al qaeda has a magazine and the spring issue features a profile of moammar gadhafi .   it also features a section on women ' s fitness called , " death to cottage - cheese thighs ! " 
an ancestry society announced that prince william ' s fiancée kate middleton is a distant cousin to ellen degeneres .   this explains why , on her wedding day , kate plans to put on a pair of cargo pants and dance up the aisle . 
boy bands new kids on the block and the backstreet boys have merged . not to make a supergroup—they ' re all going to share one studio apartment . 
denny ' s is launching a new " baconalia " menu where all menu items feature bacon .   not only that , many hospitals are now featuring denny ' s customers .   
in a recent study , 10% of women say they frequently feel sad after sex . i hate to brag , but it takes a real man to make a woman sad during sex . 
charlie sheen applied to trademark 22 of his new catchphrases , including " duh , winning , " " tiger blood , " and " adonis dna . " unfortunately for charlie , " adonis dna " was already trademarked…by my mother on the day i was born . 
medical marijuana users are now lobbying for the right to carry firearms . this is perfect , because no one is a better shot than a stoned old man with glaucoma . 
yesterday , the ceo of starbucks announced his intention to expand the coffee shop into a grocery business . i don ' t know about you , but i cannot wait to buy a four dollar tomato . 
in italy , a women ' s group is demanding money from italian prime minister silvio berlusconi because his scandals have reduced women to sex objects . the group is called the " association of women who have forgotten they live in italy . " 
in nh , a man was found not guilty for driving 100 mph – because he claimed he was rushing his pregnant wife to the hospital . after the verdict , the man admitted that by " pregnant " he meant " fat " and by " hospital " he meant " dog track . " 
sources say the stars of " jersey shore " are demanding more money from mtv before they do a fourth season of the show . the cast says that mtv had better come up with the money – or else they ' ll take their lack - of - talent somewhere else . 
a receiver for the oakland raiders was arrested for possessing illegal amounts of viagra . when asked why he needed viagra so much , the man said he was tired of " always being the receiver . " 
due to the budget impasse , the federal government may shut down by the end of the week . that ' s right , there ' ll be another season of jersey shore , but the us government—still up in the air . 
if the government does shut down it means that national parks will be closed .   on the bright side , that means no sequel to that yogi bear movie .   
after his show last night , charlie sheen rented out a movie theater and invited his crew to a screening of " apocalypse now . "   they watched the hero descend into madness and then the movie started . 
glenn beck has announced he ' s leaving his fox news channel show this year . even more surprising , beck said he ' s leaving so he can marry his life - partner , " abdul gonzalez . " 
after her fall on " dancing with the stars , " kirstie alley reportedly got a tattoo that says " unbroken . " kirstie ' s partner also got a tattoo – but his says " compound fracture . " 
this week , disney is set to begin construction on a disneyland in china .   china says their disneyland is being built " for children , by children . " 
in virginia , parents at an elementary school are angry that a plastic surgeon brought breast implants to " career day . "   they ' re even more upset that their children now think getting a " d " is a good thing . 
keanu reeves has confirmed that there will be a third " bill & ted " movie . in it , keanu travels through time and space to find out what happened to the other guy from the " bill & ted " movies . 
elton john revealed that the godmother to his son is lady gaga . which explains why elton ' s son ' s first words were , " i get it , you ' re gay . "   
if there ' s a government shutdown , 800 , 000 federal workers could get a phone call tomorrow telling them they ' re " non - essential . " isn ' t that amazing – 800 , 000 people getting the exact same call i get from my dad every morning ? 
if the government shuts down , federal meat inspections may be delayed . in other words , taco bell will not be affected . 
the white house has confirmed that president obama received a letter from moammar gadhafi .   officials won ' t reveal the content of the letter—except that it ends with the question , " do you like me ? check ‘yes ' , ‘no ' , or ‘maybe . ' " 
a close friend of president obama ' s has been arrested for soliciting a prostitute , a high school friend named bobby titcomb .   apparently , he was caught asking a woman for " the old titcomb . "   
toyota has announced they will start integrating microsoft technology into their vehicles . it ' s perfect for the person who wants a car that crashes every 10 minutes . 
during charlie sheen ' s show in columbus last night , several women flashed their breasts at him . in response , sheen said , " oh…those again . " 
it ' s been announced that " glee " will have a special 90 - minute episode devoted to lady gaga . scientists warn that this could rip a hole in the time - space - gay   continuum . 
to avoid a shutdown , the government cut 39 billion dollars from the federal budget .   the good news , the first thing to go… " the real housewives of d . c . " 
in a recent interview , president obama said " i miss being anonymous . "   he says , " in the old days , i could blend in with all the other hawaiian barack hussein obamas . " 
at a news conference today , hillary clinton said that the ousting of ivory coast president laurent gbagbo sends a message to other dictators . and the message is , " if we can ' t pronounce your name , you ' re toast . " 
four of prince william ' s ex - girlfriends have been invited to the royal wedding . kate middleton is having them seated in the front row of the " in your face " section . 
the pentagon announced that openly gay soldiers will begin serving this summer . when people asked , " why this summer ? " the army said , " because ‘glee ' will be in reruns . " 
denny ' s announced they will be opening as many as 50 restaurants in india . when they heard this , the people of india said , " hey—we ' re hungry but we ' re not that hungry ! " 
the winklevoss twins have lost an appeal to sue mark zuckerberg for more money .   so now they ' re suing jesse eisenberg . 
over the weekend hugh hefner celebrated his 85th birthday . he can finally legitimately say that he doesn ' t date women his own age because there are no women his own age . 
it ' s being reported that the stars of jersey shore have a new contract which will pay them $ 100 , 000 each per episode .   that is a lot of zeros and also , a big salary . 
the north iceland penis museum is putting its first human specimen on display this week . i just want to say gentlemen , i ' m honored . 
according to a new cnn poll , potential presidential candidate donald trump has nearly doubled his support since march . although technically , all he did was comb his march numbers over his current ones . 
an applebee ' s restaurant has apologized for accidentally serving a toddler a cup full of tequila . they then apologized for knowingly serving the rest of his family food made by applebee ' s . 
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi said he gave an underage prostitute $ 60 , 000 , not for sex , but so she could open a spa . then he added , " a spa where i could have sex with her . " 
potential republican presidential candidate michele bachmann referred to planned parenthood as the " lenscrafters of abortion . " then it got even weirder when she referred to massachusetts as the " sunglass hut of gay marriage . " 
it was reported today that moammar gadhafi once wrote a children ' s book . it ' s called , " horton hears voices in his head . " 
a man has started a college dedicated to teaching students how to grow pot . it ' s called " uc santa cruz . " 
it ' s being reported that ivory coast dictator laurent gbagbo was driven from power due to concerted military action by the french . no one was more surprised to hear this than the french . 
burger king has started selling a burger made with 2 beef patties , 2 slices of cheese , 3 strips of bacon , and a chicken breast . burger king says they tried selling it in the us , but americans kept saying , " get that health food out of my face ! " 
in georgia robbers took $ 150 from a little girl who was running a lemonade stand . which begs the question : how much was this little girl charging for lemonade ? 
she ' s fine now but during a recent concert lady gaga fell off her piano and landed on her head .   you can tell lady gaga was a little dazed afterwards because she said , " why the hell am i wearing meat ? " 
last night on " dancing with the stars " , kirstie alley lost her shoe .   when asked for comment , the shoe said it was just trying to escape . 
yesterday in an interview , donald trump said that the koran teaches a " very negative vibe . " then he accused the torah of " totally harshing his buzz . " 
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi says he probably won ' t run for office after his current term ends in 2013 .   berlusconi said , " 13 is my lucky number and the age of my current girlfriend . " 
hustler founder larry flynt has written a book about the sex lives of u . s . presidents . critics say the highlights are the chapter on jefferson , the chapter on garfield , and the first 125 chapters on clinton . 
in israel , a meeting between justin bieber and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has been called off . still no word on how this will effect next month ' s summit between selena gomez and hezbollah . 
in light of the 150th anniversary of the civil war , a poll found that 23% of americans sympathize with the confederacy .   these people are being described as " not african - american . " 
jennifer lopez has been named as people magazine ' s most beautiful person . as expected , people ' s most beautiful woman award went to steven tyler . 
a 30 - second ad for the final episode of oprah winfrey ' s talk show will cost 1 million dollars .   so the only person who can afford to take out an ad on oprah winfrey ' s last show is oprah winfrey . 
as part of a current trend , in florida , a two year old accidentally got served alcohol at an olive garden .   even more surprising , his parents accidentally got served italian food at an olive garden . 
they ' re saying donald trump will make an announcement about his intentions on running for president on the season finale of " celebrity apprentice . "   not to be out done , the same night the cake boss will reveal his plan to overhaul medicare . 
critics are saying it ' s illegal for donald trump to run for president while hosting his own tv show . they also say it ' s illegal to run for president if your hair wasn ' t born in this country . 
earlier today , libyan television caught moammar gadhafi driving through tripoli , pumping his fists in a convertible . say what you want about moammar gadhafi , but nothing gets in the way of his spring break . 
president obama is set to appear on one of oprah winfrey ' s last shows .   obama says he ' s really hoping it ' s the one where she gives away $ 14 trillion . 
yesterday in new york city , bill clinton held a press conference about urban renewal – and he discussed how times square is no longer full of hookers . then clinton lowered his head and called for a moment of silence . 
earlier this week , michele bachmann called planned parenthood the " lenscrafters of abortion . "   yesterday , lenscrafters released a statement calling michelle bachmann the " costco of crazy . " 
an ex - olive garden employee has come forward to expose the truth behind the restaurant chain ' s tuscany italy cooking school . for starters : it ' s in omaha . 
msnbc reports there ' s been a nationwide shortage of drugs for add .   i think there was more to the story but i lost interest . 
in hong kong the world ' s first 3d porn film opened . the film is so realistic , three people walked out of the theater with chlamydia . 
in an interview for the today show , gary busey said that donald trump would be an " absolutely good president . " busey said , " trump knows how to stand up to our enemies , iran , north korea and meatloaf . " 
nbc executives say if donald trump does decide to run for president , they will not renew " the apprentice " so , some good may come of this . 
tonight , president obama is celebrating passover with a passover seder .   after hearing this , sarah palin said , " ah ha , he is a muslim . "   
this week president obama will participate in a town hall meeting hosted by facebook . in other words , just like everyone else in america , obama will be on facebook when he should be working . 
to celebrate the birthday of kim jong - il , north korea held the biggest magic show ever . things got out of control when the magician pulled a rabbit out of a hat and it was immediately eaten by 28 million people . 
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi ' s popularity has hit an all - time low at 31% . berlusconi isn ' t aware of this , because he ignores anything that ' s over 18 . 
over the weekend in new orleans , nicolas cage was arrested for being drunk and arguing loudly with his wife over whether a house they were in front of was theirs or not . i ' m going to go out on a limb here and say , " it wasn ' t . " 
the online dating site match . com says it will begin screening its members against a sex offender registry . the site expects to be pervert - free by july and out of business by august . 
los angeles county health officials say a bacteria that caused hundreds of illnesses at the playboy mansion was found in a hot tub .   officials said , " it ' s always the first place you look . " 
in portland , a mailman has been suspended for going " number 2 " behind someone ' s trash cans . even worse – he referred to it as " drop shipment of a ground delivery . " 
gop presidential candidate rick santorum has discarded his campaign slogan after he learned it was similar to one coined by a gay man . no word on why he had chosen the slogan " rick santorum for president : i love penises . " 
earlier this week , president obama released his 2010 tax return .   turns out , last year , obama made 1 . 7 million dollars and spent 14 trillion . 
donald trump said that if president obama releases his birth certificate , he will release his tax returns . in response , the president said , " oh yeah , well i promise not to run for a 2nd term if you release that thing on your head . " 
yesterday on " the today show , " gary busey said that donald trump would make a great president . experts say now trump just needs to focus on getting the endorsements of randy quaid and charlie sheen . 
the faa has suspended an air traffic controller for watching a movie while on the job . when asked why he was watching a movie , the air traffic controller said , " i just couldn ' t sleep . " 
it ' s been announced that the entire british royal wedding will be streamed live on youtube . even more surprising—the service will be officiated by the double rainbow guy . 
over the weekend , nicholas cage was arrested for public drunkenness .   to make sure he wasn ' t a danger to himself or others , police took away his belt , shoelaces and the script for ghost rider ii . 
the broadway musical " spiderman " has temporarily closed down but will re - open in may .   reportedly some of the producers opposed the delay , saying it will give the actors a chance to escape . 
there ' s a new porn film coming out that is targeted at fans of " star trek : the next generation . "   it ' s called , " hey nerds – this is what sex looks like . " 
taco bell is introducing several new items they ' re calling their " volcano menu . " experts say it ' s perfect for people who are tired of having diarrhea – and ready to have volcanic diarrhea . 
as some of my younger fans know , today is 4 / 20 and it just happens to coincide with passover . so i ' m finally starting to understand why the jews wandered around in the desert for 40 years . 
it ' s coming out now that donald trump once called ronald reagan " a con man who couldn ' t deliver the goods . " trump also called abraham lincoln , " a bearded moron who couldn ' t even sit through an hour of theater . " 
the governor of hawaii said he first met president obama just days after he was born .   he knew it was obama , because he kept pointing to his diaper and calling for " change . "   
sarah palin has a 61% unfavorable rating in alaska . that number jumps to 100% if you just ask the animals . 
the obama administration plans to give the libyan rebels $ 25 million in non - lethal aid . the rebels said they can ' t wait to begin a new offensive armed with supersoakers and t - shirt cannons . 
according to a new poll , almost 90% of women claim they wouldn ' t want to be kate middleton . because if there are 3 things women hate it ' s weddings , being the center of attention , and financial security . 
in pennsylvania , a 13 - year old boy was forced to help his mother give birth to his sister . when asked to comment , the boy said , " well – i ' m gay now . " 
a former olive garden employee has stepped forward claiming their tuscany culinary institute is a sham . experts are calling him " the least courageous whistle - blower of all time . " 
according to new research , a man can increase the length of his penis by placing it in a special penis - stretcher for 700 hours . in a related story , i ' m taking a month off . 
today , president obama is in town for a fundraiser – and huge traffic delays are expected all over los angeles . tomorrow , president obama is back on the east coast , and huge traffic delays are expected all over los angeles . 
in an interview , first lady michelle obama said the most popular obama is the family ' s portuguese water dog , bo . when donald trump heard this , he said , " i want to see that portuguese bitch ' s papers . " 
a new catholic translation of the bible gets rid of the word " booty , " because of its current connotations . what ' s strange is that it replaces it with the word " bedonkadonk . " 
today , former new mexico governor gary johnson announced his candidacy for the gop presidential nomination .   because when the other candidates aren ' t generating enough excitement , it ' s time to bring in gary johnson . 
a new report shows more u . s . schools are teaching children to speak chinese . officials say the first thing they ' re teaching u . s students to say in chinese is , " is it cool if i cheat off of you ? " 
yesterday , a robot threw out the first pitch at the philadelphia phillies game – and it was booed . afterwards , phillies fans apologized and said , " sorry – we thought it was a small child . " 
according to pictures on twitter , snooki is getting ready for bikini season . so if you ' re at the beach , that ' s not an orange buoy .   
terrific news—the world ' s most wanted man , osama bin laden , is dead . which means now the official # 1 threat to america is the kfc double down . 
president obama gave the order for osama bin laden to be killed by navy seals . when he heard about it , former president bush was furious and said , " wait a minute – i could have used seals ? ? ? " 
at the time of his death , osama bin laden was living in a million - dollar home with his youngest wife .   in other words , if we hadn ' t killed him , his oldest wife would have . 
according to the cia , osama bin laden was living in a house that had no internet access . which explains why there were all those bin laden sightings at the islamabad kinko ' s . 
bin laden was hiding in a compound with several people , including his personal assistant .   apparently , bin laden ' s last words were , " cancel my 2 : 00 . " 
president bill clinton called the decision to kill bin laden a " profoundly important moment , " while sarah palin called it , " another example of muslim on muslim crime . " 
today , president obama appeared on " oprah winfrey " but the show was taped last week .   in fact , during the taping you can see oprah winfrey give obama the order to get rid of bin laden . 
some news outlets are saying that the first person to tweet about bin laden ' s death was dwayne " the rock " johnson .   apparently , special forces said , " before we call the president , we should call ‘the rock . ' " 
the news of osama bin laden ' s death interrupted last night ' s " celebrity apprentice . "   which begs the question : how do we kill bin laden again next sunday ? 
the white house says they are going to release the osama bin laden " death photo . " even better , they ' re doing so on a set of limited edition commemorative plates . 
on his radio show yesterday , rush limbaugh declared , " thank god for president obama . " in other words , the apocalypse has begun .   
it ' s being reported that osama bin laden was killed by an elite squad of navy seals called " team 6 . " these guys are amazing—not only did they kill bin laden , they also killed donald trump ' s shot at being president . 
when asked yesterday about the final moments of osama bin laden , donald trump said , " i hope he suffered a lot . " well trump got his wish—the cia confirmed that osama ' s last hour on earth was spent watching " celebrity apprentice . " 
yesterday , while commenting on the death of bin laden , sarah palin credited president bush , but not president obama . even worse , while commenting on the box office smash " fast five , " she credited ludacris , and not vin diesel . 
remember when we cared about the royal wedding ? —final numbers are in for the royal wedding and it turns out 23 million americans tuned in to watch .   even more amazing , 6 of those people were male and straight . 
yesterday , the vatican invited 150 bloggers from around the world to participate in a first - ever blogging summit .   when asked why , the vatican said , " we ' d like to reach out to young people without getting in trouble . "   
today , comedian andy dick was arrested in a restaurant for being drunk and disorderly .   or as we call that here in los angeles , " the first sign of spring . " 
the man credited with developing the compact disc has died , at the age of 81 . as per his wishes , he will be buried in a plastic case that is impossible to open . 
last night on " dancing with the stars , " kirstie alley aggressively kissed her dance partner . then she said , " sorry – i thought you were a wall of ham . " 
at an event last night in california , the dalai lama implied that the killing of osama bin laden was justified .   the dalai lama ' s exact quote was , " i love all living things but that guy was a dick . " 
at the time of his death , osama bin laden was found to have sewn the equivalent of 740 dollars into his clothing . as a result , experts say bin laden ' s next plan was either to launch a major attack , or rent a 1 - bedroom apartment in chicago . 
view co - host elisabeth hasselbeck says she ' s written a poem for her children that explains the death of osama bin laden . hasselbeck says the rhyme she ' s proudest of is : " somebody shot a muslim extremist – in the head , not in the penis . " 
marijuana plants have been found near the compound of osama bin laden . this may explain why his last words were , " duuude . " 
it ' s been revealed that the navy seals who killed osama bin laden were accompanied by a bomb - sniffing , armor - wearing german shepherd . the german shepherd says the mission was okay – but he was really hoping bin laden had had a cat . 
in his new book , steven tyler said he spent 20 million dollars on drugs .   5 million on cocaine and 15 million on arthritis medication . 
bp has been fined $ 25 million for causing an oil spill in alaska five years ago . or , as bp refers to it , " our warm - up spill . " 
it ' s been announced that there ' s a 3 - d movie of " glee " in the works . apparently the 3 - d is so good , it ' s like the characters are literally pulling you right out of the closet . 
according to time magazine , cinco de mayo is the 4th drunkest holiday in america . the first three are st . patrick ' s day . 
today they celebrated cinco de mayo at the white house .   in keeping with the times , president obama whacked a giant piñata , and then gave it a burial at sea .   
new reports reveal that the navy seals who killed osama bin laden were told , " if he ' s not naked , shoot him . " they were also told , " if he ' s sleeping , take out a sharpee and draw a penis next to his mouth . " 
in tonight ' s republican presidential debate , tim pawlenty , gary johnson , rick santorum , and herman cain each answered two questions : " what will you do about the economy ? " and " who the hell are you ? " 
senator john mccain met with the ceo of twitter today . at least that ' s what he tried to tweet on his garage door opener . 
photos are now floating around the internet of kate middleton ' s sister , pippa , partying in a bra . in a related story , prince william just realized he may have picked the wrong sister . 
police raided an ice cream parlor this week under suspicion it was doubling as a crack den . they grew suspicious when the ice cream parlor recently released their new flavor , " cookies and crack . " 
mexico is now the largest market in the world for erectile dysfunction pills . the good news is , it ' s now easier to spot illegal immigrants coming across the border . 
for mother ' s day , hooters was giving away free wings to moms . and i swear , i didn ' t even know that when i took my mom there yesterday . 
president obama said that the bin laden raid in pakistan was " the longest 40 minutes " of his life .   with the possible exception of every time he asks joe biden , " hey , what ' s up ? " 
in a recent interview about the killing of osama bin laden , former vice - president dick cheney said that he gives president obama , " high marks . " then he said , " trust me – i know how hard it is to shoot someone in the face . " 
according to new reports , osama bin laden would often sit around his compound watching old videos of himself . even stranger was that he would do so while   listening to green day ' s " time of your life . " 
it ' s been announced that this week , " glee " will perform its version of rebecca black ' s " friday . "   unless of course team 6 gets there in time . 
simon cowell has hired paula abdul to be a judge on his new show " the x factor . " when asked why , simon said , " she ' s got experience , an eye for talent , and i can pay her in cases of wild turkey . " 
mcdonald ' s is now trying to make their restaurants more like starbucks .   as a result , starbucks is no longer the most depressing place to work on your screenplay .   
regis philbin has announced that he ' s coming out with a memoir this fall . the book will be released as a hardback , on kindle , and as an " extremely loud book on tape . " 
on saturday , health officials in the philippines held a " circumcision party " for hundreds of boys . all the guests agreed that the worst part of the circumcision party had to be the bouncy castle . 
meredith vieira is leaving the today show—when asked if he too is leaving the today show , matt lauer said , " i have a long - term deal with nbc—i ' m going to be here for a while . " all i can say is , ‘matt , welcome to tbs . ' " 
the white house described the relationship between the us and pakistan as " complicated . " in fact , it ' s so complicated , the us just sent our ambassador over there to get our cds and some of our t - shirts back . 
authorities believe that osama bin laden fathered between 20 and 26 children . even more astonishing , he named them all george foreman jr . 
arnold schwarzenegger and maria shriver have split up after 25 years of marriage . it ' s the first marital separation that will require a mediator , arbitrator , and a translator . 
a school that donald trump started is being sued for fraud .   apparently , it ' s a barber college . 
yesterday , donald trump insisted that he is not racist because , one time , an african american won " the apprentice . " because nothing says " not racist " like making a black man run your errands .   
this past weekend in detroit , a plane had to be diverted due to a threatening note .   the note said , " welcome to detroit . " 
a company called blingh2o has begun selling bottled water that costs $ 2 , 600 per bottle . experts say it ' s the perfect way to say , " i am one thirsty douche - bag . " 
president obama ' s approval rating has hit 60% , its highest in two years . experts say at this rate , obama can count on re - election if he just kills osama bin laden two more times in the next 12 months . 
it ' s being reported that al qaeda has not yet picked a new leader to run their terrorist organization . apparently , candidates keep losing interest after asking , " so what happened to the last guy ? " 
but that is true al qaeda has not picked a new leader yet . they ' ve narrowed it down to meatloaf and lil jon .       
senior officials are now saying that in addition to team 6 – there was also a team of lawyers standing by in case bin laden was captured alive . this team goes by the much less exciting code name " team weisberg , melman , and pratt . " 
friends of arnold schwarzenegger say he ' s doing everything he can to win his wife back .   in fact , today , arnold burned every single copy of " jingle all the way . " 
in a new interview , donald trump said that he uses head and shoulders on his hair .   as a result , head and shoulders is suing donald trump for slander . 
a passenger flying on delta airlines tried to open the emergency exit door mid - flight . experts say if he ' d gotten the door open , he ' d have been the first ever delta passenger to make a connection on time . 
some people are saying l . a . laker lamar odom ' s reality show " khloe and lamar " is what caused the lakers to lose in the playoffs . odom said " khloe and lamar " is not the reason they lost in the playoffs , but it is the reason he lost his dignity . 
sarah palin ' s daughter bristol announced that she recently had corrective surgery on her mouth . the procedure is being called " the right surgery on the wrong palin . " 
tomorrow , ron paul will announce that he ' s running for president and he supports legalizing prostitution and heroin .   his campaign slogan is , " let ' s just see what would happen . " 
in a revealing new interview with " rolling stone " magazine , potential presidential candidate donald trump discusses his best orgasm .   he says he only wishes someone else had been there to witness it . 
yesterday , moammar gadhafi made an appearance on television just to prove he is still alive .   after hearing this , larry king said , " that proves nothing , i died 60 years ago . " 
at pro golfing ' s " players ' championship , " tiger woods pulled out after only a few holes because of an injury that made him limp . the story was reported in the " journal of irresistible double entendres . " 
angelina jolie recently got a tattoo marking the coordinates of brad pitt ' s birthplace and it ' s right next to tattoos marking the birthplaces of all their children . in a related story : angelina jolie is out of skin . 
oreo is planning to unveil a three - cookied double - stuf oreo with an extra layer of cream that they ' re calling the " the triple double oreo . "   this barely beat out their 2nd choice for a name : " rocketship to planet diabetes . " 
last night on " american idol , " lady gaga wore shoes that had penises for heels . there was an awkward moment when lady gaga fell down – because her left shoe lost its erection . 
donald trump announced today that he is not running for president .   this is devastating news for trump supporters , all of whom are late night comedians . 
last week , republican presidential candidate ron paul came out for the legalization of heroin and prostitution . unfortunately , not in time to be cast as charlie sheen ' s replacement on " two and a half men . " 
after president obama explained to former president bush how he ordered team 6 to take out bin laden , bush reportedly said " good call . " actually , bush ' s exact words were , " good call – but i still would ' ve sent batman . " 
so much pornography was found at osama bin laden ' s compound , they ' re investigating whether it was used to send coded messages .   so from now on guys , when your lady catches you , you ' re not looking at porn , you ' re analyzing coded messages . 
two days after the osama bin laden raid , disney trademarked the name " seal team 6 . "   disney also renamed their most popular ride , " it ' s a small world , and we will find where you ' re hiding and kill you . " 
southwest airlines is being criticized because they recently told two passengers that they were too fat to fly . then things really got embarrassing when the two passengers turned out to be one guy . 
at the cannes film festival this weekend , an audience gave a ten minute standing ovation to a silent film . apparently , somebody showed " burlesque " with the sound off . 
this past weekend , famous physicist stephen hawking said there is no heaven and people who believe there is believe in fairy tales . guests say it was the most awkward wedding toast ever . 
hello , i ' m conan o ' brien , or as i can now publicly call myself , arnold schwarzenegger jr . 
arnold schwarzenegger had a love child with his mistress before he was governor . this may explain his campaign promise to leave almost no child behind . 
in a statement released today , arnold said , " i am truly sorry . there are no excuses and i take full responsibility for the hurt i have caused . " then he said , " but enough about ‘jingle all the way , ' let ' s talk about my lovechild . " 
supposedly , arnold fathered the child with a household servant .   so now arnold has made two " junior ' s " that he doesn ' t want to talk about . 
so like i said arnold schwarzenegger secretly had this child 10 years ago—he told his wife maria about it at the time but it took her this long to figure out what the hell he was saying . 
the amazing thing is that arnold kept it a secret for 10 years .   so the real shock is : maybe he is a good actor after all . 
it ' s being reported that when president obama met seal team 6 , he didn ' t ask which one of them shot bin laden . the president says he just assumed it was the guy wearing the t - shirt that said , " guess what bitches - i shot bin laden ! " 
the tsa is considering allowing people they call ‘trusted travellers ' to avoid patdowns . when asked how a traveller can become ‘trusted , ' the head of the tsa smiled and said , " meet me behind the food court in five minutes and find out . " 
a former cast member from " the real housewives of new jersey " is now working as a stripper at scores gentlemen ' s club . industry experts are describing it as " a lateral move . " 
in florida , a group of ob - gyns is being accused of turning away patients who are obese . in their defense , the ob - gyns said , " you don ' t know what it ' s like down there ! " 
for the last week of her show , oprah winfrey will tape at the united center with 20 , 000 people in the audience . three of them will be men .   
on this week ' s " celebrity apprentice , " donald trump asked meatloaf to teach him to cry .   meatloaf made trump cry by saying , " hey , you ' re on a tv show with meatloaf . " 
ron paul has announced he ' s running for president , and he supports the legalization of prostitution and heroin . i know he doesn ' t have much of a chance , but if he does win , that is going to be one hell of a victory party . 
a document seized at osama bin laden ' s compound reveals that bin laden wanted to attack and punish hollywood . the document is a screenplay bin laden wrote entitled " yogi bear ii : the wrath of boo - boo . " 
a woman in california is in trouble for injecting her 8 - year - old daughter with botox .   the 8 - year - old is the first kid in history who made a face and it really did stay that way .   
a couple obsessed with facebook named their child " like " after the website ' s " like " button . still sounds like she got a better deal than her older brother , " poke . " 
there ' s a new app that lets you get items at a 7 - 11 without using cash or a credit card .   the app is known as " a gun . " 
the cw is developing a reality show that pairs people with a celebrity that they hate . it ' s called " the kanye west show . " 
in a new study , researchers found that women have different types of orgasms when they are alone versus when they are with a partner . apparently , the two different types of orgasms are called " real " and " fake . " 
the good news is , the apocalypse did not happen this weekend ! the bad news is , we kind of thought it would so we don ' t have much of a show for you tonight . 
the pastor who incorrectly predicted the rapture this saturday was quoted as saying , " it ' s been a really tough weekend . "   to make things worse , his friends keep calling to say , " hey , come on , it ' s not the end of the world . " 
president obama is travelling through europe , and today he was in ireland . while he ' s there , obama ' s secret service code name is " the black guy who ' s in ireland . " 
legal experts speculate that arnold schwarzenegger may have to give maria shriver up to $ 100 million in a divorce . when asked for comment , arnold said , " but i have families to support ! " 
the united states government has decided that no one is getting the $ 25 million reward for the killing of osama bin laden . the problem is , nobody wants to be the one to break the news to seal team 6 . 
it ' s being reported that presidential candidate newt gingrich once had a $ 500 , 000 debt with the jewelry store tiffany ' s . in newt ' s defense , he was buying jewelry for nine women . 
it ' s being reported that even though oprah winfrey ' s show is ending this week , she ' s planning to stay active . oprah winfrey said , " i don ' t want to be one of those sad women who just sits at home watching daytime tv . " 
republican tim pawlenty launched his presidential campaign today with a pledge to " tell americans the truth . " which explains his slogan : " tim pawlenty for president : i ' m not going to win . " 
indiana governor mitch daniels has announced that he will not run for president in 2012 . daniels reached the decision after early polling determined that even he didn ' t know who " mitch daniels " was . 
a new law in utah makes it illegal for a person to publicly touch their own genitals .   in other words , utah is never getting a major league baseball team .   
researchers are now saying that atheists have better sex lives than people who believe in god .   however , they have no idea what to yell out during sex . 
a flight attendant from orange county insists that her son is not another arnold schwarzenegger love child . then she said , " now if you ' ll excuse me – i ' m late for arnie jr . ' s bus - lifting tournament . " 
the rumor is that maria shriver was the one who secretly leaked the story of arnold ' s love child to the press .   apparently , she got the idea to leak things secretly from arnold . 
the preacher who predicted the apocalypse on saturday is now saying it will come in october . it ' s the first time someone ' s " end of the world " prediction was followed up with , " so everyone have a great summer ! " 
yesterday , madonna made a surprise appearance on one of oprah winfrey ' s final shows and told the audience that oprah winfrey has " balls and a wealth of compassion . "   then oprah winfrey said madonna has " compassion and a wealth of balls . "   
last night at a texas rangers game , former president george w . bush almost got hit with a foul ball . bush vowed revenge on the batter , but you know obama ' s going to be the one to actually get him . 
photographs have surfaced of north korean president kim jong il visiting china , but the chinese declined to confirm that he was there . experts say , " it could be kim jong il – or any number of poorly dressed lesbians . " 
a company has started selling a peanut - butter and jelly sandwich in a can called " candwich . " the company is hoping that it will sell better than their last product – a hoagie in a bag called " ho - bag . " 
chicago bulls center joakim noah has been fined $ 50 , 000 for yelling a remark that was offensive to gay people . reportedly the offensive remark was , " glee has jumped the shark ! " 
last night on " dancing with the stars , " kirstie alley performed a cartwheel . so if you were in the greater los angeles area , that ' s what you felt . 
last night on " dancing with the stars " , kirstie alley did a cartwheel .   it was kirstie ' s first cartwheel since they opened a cinnabon in her neighborhood . 
last night on " dancing with the stars " , kirstie alley did a cartwheel .   the judges gave her a 4 . 6 and the richter scale gave her a 6 . 8 . 
hi , i ' m conan o ' brien and i ' m the new queen of daytime television . 
on oprah ' s final show today , she thanked her 4th grade teacher for believing in her when no one else did . things got uncomfortable when the teacher looked at oprah winfrey and said , " i ' m sorry—i don ' t remember you . " 
new video has surfaced of arnold schwarzenegger at a public event in 2001 , saying that his housekeeper does " an incredible job . " one clue might have been that schwarzenegger then added , " and she ' s also a good housekeeper . " 
there ' s a documentary coming out about sarah palin and it ' s called " the undefeated . "   actually , the full title is " undefeated…unless you count the 2008 presidential election which is the only national race in which she ' s ever run . " 
a new facebook app will remind users exactly what they were doing a year ago from that day .   9 times out of 10 , the answer will be " wasting your time on facebook . " 
california has been ordered to reduce prison overcrowding by releasing 46 , 000 convicts . and they ' re all in my audience tonight . 
according to a new study , women are more attracted to men who are depressed . the study was conducted by the university of—ahh , what ' s the point ? 
the kardashian sisters announced they are writing a novel .   the only thing that would shock me more would be to find out they were reading a novel . 
in chicago , a lawyer is being accused of hiring a woman with large breasts to sit next to him and distract the jury .   when asked for his ruling , the judge said , " i ' m sorry , could you repeat that ? " 
kirstie alley says that now that she ' s done with " dancing with the stars , " she ' s thinking of doing a broadway show . alley says she ' s not sure which broadway show she ' ll do – but she ' s leaning towards " fiddler on the reinforced roof . " 
i think i may be going through oprah winfrey withdrawal . today at 4 : 00 i cried for no reason and checked under my chair for a prize . 
on her last show yesterday , oprah winfrey gave the audience her personal email address and told them to " keep in touch . "   then she added in , " just please – nobody give that to dr . phil . " 
charlie sheen is selling the house he ' s lived in since 1997 .   sheen ' s realtor says the house is perfect for a young threesome just starting out . 
the pope ' s adviser on sex - abuse cases within the catholic church has now himself been charged with sexual abuse . when they told the pope the news , he threw his pointy hat on the ground and said , " i have had it with this shit ! "   
it ' s being reported that the us was able to find and kill osama bin laden because of a tip from one of his wives . experts say that when she saw pictures of bin laden ' s body—she pumped her fist in the air and said , " now who can ' t drive the car ? ? ? " 
campbell ' s announced its sale of soups in america have fallen , in part due to rising food prices . and also due to its unpopular new offering , " cream of schwarzenegger . " 
the history channel is airing a new reality series about taxidermy called mounted in alaska . coincidentally , this was also the theme of bristol palin ' s prom . 
today anthony weiner held a press conference where he admitted he sent the lewd photo himself and a reporter asked him , " what were you thinking ? " things got awkward when the congressman looked at his crotch and said , " well , answer the man . " 
congressman anthony weiner ' s career is in turmoil ever since he tweeted that picture of his genitalia . fortunately , he will still be allowed to keep his porn name , " congressman anthony weiner . " 
today at the press conference , congressman weiner said , " i have never met any of these women or had physical relations with them at any time . " which explains why , this afternoon , newt gingrich called him a " pussy . " 
today is the 67th anniversary of d - day the day the allies landed at normandy beach during world war ii .   or as sarah palin calls it , " the day the nazis fought the vikings . " 
it ' s being reported that there ' s a new temporary leader of al qaeda . frankly , i was surprised they went with ashton kutcher . 
according to a new survey , 8% of american men have cheated on their wives while on a business trip . isn ' t that shocking – 8% of american men still have jobs ? 
a woman in oregon awoke from dental surgery to find she had a british accent . doctors are calling it the first recorded instance of someone with a british accent doing something about their teeth . 
scientists at yale taught monkeys to play a modified version of " rock , paper , scissors . " in fact , it ' s worked out so well , the monkeys use it to decide who gets to throw poo at the scientists . 
the new " x - men " movie had the lowest - earning opening weekend of any of the x - men movies . producers have already announced one of the mutants for the next x - men movie , " sporadically topless girl . " 
last night at the mtv movie awards , reese witherspoon said , " it ' s possible to make it in hollywood without doing a reality show . " moments later , she was killed and eaten by khloe kardashian . 
there is an anti - circumcision comic book out now and it features a superhero called , " foreskin man . " trust me , you   don ' t want to see his cape .     
one of the women congressman weiner was sexting turns out to be a porn star .   when asked how it was possible to get involved with someone in such a sleazy business , the porn star said , " i don ' t know . " 
people are bidding for a private lunch with billionaire investor warren buffett and so far the bidding has reached over $ 2 million . buffett says the first financial tip he ' ll give the winner is " try not to spend two million dollars on lunch . " 
prince william and his wife kate have posted an ad for a housekeeper .   when arnold schwarzenegger heard this he said , " so it looks like they do want to start a family ! " 
it ' s been reported that the chinese economy has shown signs of slowing down . experts say that ' s just what happens when your work force starts to enter its teens . 
jennifer lopez has blocked the sale of her honeymoon sex tape , which contains 15 minutes of nudity . j . lo says she ' s not embarrassed by the nudity , but she does do some acting in it . 
last night during a fashion award show , lady gaga had a wardrobe malfunction . of course , when lady gaga has a wardrobe malfunction , someone loses an eye and three geese die . 
congressman anthony weiner reportedly called and apologized to bill clinton for the entire weinergate scandal .   clinton told him , " tell me everything and i mean everything . " 
anthony weiner called president clinton to apologize .   when bill suggested that he also call hillary , weiner said , " don ' t worry – i just sent her a text . " 
yesterday , donald trump said , " anthony weiner is a bad guy , he ' s a psycho . " so look for him on the next season of " celebrity apprentice . " 
congressman weiner has now admitted to having affairs with six different women over email , twitter , and facebook . even worse , today he admitted to having an affair with three chickens on farmville . 
51% of new york voters said congressman weiner should keep his seat . the other 49% think he should disinfect it . 
china has announced that they will begin construction on a " hello kitty " theme park . not only that , china ' s also beginning construction on a " goodbye doggie " cafeteria . 
president obama proclaimed june to be " lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender pride month . " they waited until june because that ' s when " glee " is in reruns . 
both democrats and republicans are calling for congressman weiner to resign .   meanwhile , late night comedians are calling for him to hang in there . 
it ' s coming out that the women who weiner sexted with were a college student , a single mom , a blackjack dealer , and a porn star . or as we call that here in los angeles , " the circle of life . " 
arnold schwarzenegger has not taken off his wedding ring . when asked why , schwarzenegger described his ring as a " total housekeeper magnet . " 
kate middleton ' s sister , pippa middleton , narrowly lost out having her rear end declared " rear of the year " in britain . pippa was gracious in defeat and congratulated three time winner , queen elizabeth . 
yesterday , apple founder steve jobs announced plans to build a new , state - of - the - art headquarters for apple . jobs then announced that in 6 months , they ' ll replace it with a slightly thinner headquarters with a crappy camera . 
the dog who inherited $ 12 million from the real estate mogul leona helmsley has passed away . the dog died broke after smoking $ 12 million worth of dog crack . 
according to a recent study , 60% of women have faked an orgasm in their lifetime . the study was taken in a place where 40% of women lie .   
congressman weiner ' s apartment , which had been for sale , has been taken off the market . apparently potential buyers became suspicious of what he meant by " full southern exposure . " 
congressman weiner is insisting that he will not quit .   weiner ' s exact quote was " i can keep going all night long . " 
one of the women congressman weiner was having an online affair with was a las vegas blackjack dealer . of course weiner wasn ' t very good at blackjack because he hit on everything over 17 . 
last night was the nba finals and the tony awards , so as you can imagine a lot of fighting over the remote with my wife . but in the end i gave in and let the woman watch her basketball . 
lebron james said that last night ' s loss in the nba finals feels like " a personal failure . "   then someone explained to lebron that it is a personal failure . 
the miami herald mistakenly ran a full - page ad congratulating the miami heat on winning the nba championship .   lebron james was so annoyed with the newspaper , he crumbled it up and tossed it just short of the wastebasket . 
this weekend congressman weiner announced he was entering a treatment program . amazingly , it ' s the only thing weiner entered during the whole scandal . 
congressman weiner announced that he is seeking help from a professional .   after hearing this , eliot spitzer said , " that ' s odd , i got in trouble for seeking help from a professional . " 
tmz published a nearly nude photo of congressman weiner which was taken in the congressional gym . newt gingrich was shocked and said , " there ' s a congressional gym ? " 
last week , most of newt gingrich ' s campaign staff all quit on the same day , and some people are blaming newt ' s third wife .   when asked about it , newt said , " don ' t worry , i ' ll win them back with my fourth wife . " 
tonight ' s gop debate will be the first to feature mitt romney . experts are predicting a tough fight between romney and his biggest ideological opponent : mitt romney from four years ago . 
according to a new study , male politicians run for office to " be somebody , " while female politicians run so they can " do something . " the study has a margin of error of plus or minus sarah palin . 
alaska released 24 , 000 pages of sarah palin ' s emails on friday , and many people have noticed that palin likes to use " flippin " instead of the f - word .   for instance , one email says , " i wish my daughter and levi johnston would stop flippin ' . " 
it ' s been reported that facebook ceo mark zuckerberg is engaged to his longtime girlfriend .   zuckerberg said he ' s excited and can ' t wait to actually meet her . 
over the weekend , a convenience store in illinois was robbed at gunpoint for 99 cents .   police are now looking for a man with " an extremely reasonable crack habit . " 
inventors have come out with a wrap - around alarm clock that wakes you up by vibrating your wrist . experts estimate that every man who bought one is probably using it wrong . 
last night during the gop debate , mitt romney interrupted the proceedings to announce the score of the hockey game . political experts say this can only mean one thing :   mitt romney has already written off the black vote . 
during last night ' s presidential debate , candidate herman cain was asked if he likes " deep dish " or " thin crust " pizza .   then newt gingrich interrupted and said , " wait , there ' s pizza ? " 
during the gop debate last night , michele bachmann playfully slapped newt gingrich on the wrist . in a related story , newt gingrich has just left his third wife for michele bachmann . 
president obama said today that he would be okay with being a one - term president . and with that , obama carefully aimed an iphone down his pants and pressed " send . " 
arnold schwarzenegger ' s housekeeper said maria shriver became suspicious after noticing similarities between arnold and her 13 year - old son .   for instance , last year as class president , he left the 6th grade with a 42 billion dollar deficit .     
in an interview , arnold schwarzenegger ' s housekeeper said the affair wasn ' t all arnold ' s fault because " it takes two . "   after hearing this , congressman weiner said , " actually , it just takes one . " 
two women on manhattan ' s upper west side were arrested for fighting over a package of frozen pad thai from trader joe ' s . the women are being held by the nypd ' s " yuppy crimes division . " 
this week , the fda announced that sunscreen companies may have to make their product even more powerful . the fda made the announcement after seeing me come out of the shower . 
a toy company has introduced a congressman weiner action figure .   let ' s just say you don ' t want to know what ' s inside his kung - fu grip . 
congressman weiner announced he ' s taking a two week leave of absence to seek treatment .   weiner has checked into the " that ' s not mayo " clinic . 
today , president obama hosted a white house picnic for congress . there was an awkward moment when congressman weiner showed up and tried to enter the 3 legged race alone . 
congressman weiner ' s wife returned today from a diplomatic trip to ethiopia . she said she was tired of people in ethiopia telling her , " i feel so sorry for you ! " 
today the porn star that congressman weiner sexted with held a press conference . she talked about weiner the whole time , until the end , when she spoke a little about the congressman . 
rep . michele bachmann once said that gay people lead a " very sad life . "   in other words , she ' s never celebrated halloween in san francisco .   
a new york bill to legalize gay marriage needs only one more vote to pass . unfortunately , that vote belongs to state senator tracy morgan . 
a new study shows that only 35% of fourth - graders know the purpose of the declaration of independence .   when sarah palin heard this she said , " how are they supposed to know about something that happened almost 20 years ago ? " 
a tea party group is running a summer camp for kids . it ' s the only camp where the kids sit around a bonfire and hear scary stories about taxing the richest two percent . 
there ' s been an outbreak of chlamydia among the world ' s population of koala bears .   experts say it ' s the cutest outbreak of chlamydia ever . 
after being asked to leave a store for breastfeeding , a woman in illinois staged a " nurse in " of breastfeeding mothers outside the store .   afterwards , the store manager said , " my plan worked perfectly . " 
good news—today congressman anthony weiner resigned . the bad news—he made the announcement shirtless over skype . 
during congressman weiner ' s press conference , a heckler in the crowd yelled out , " are you more than seven inches ? " so disgusting – it ' s 2011 , and we are still not on the metric system ! 
yesterday , congressman weiner contacted nancy pelosi to let her know he was resigning .   weiner let her know by texting her a picture of his penis cleaning out its desk . 
arnold schwarzenegger ' s housekeeper revealed that when she confessed to maria shriver the two of them cried together .   then arnold tried cheering them up by saying , " how ‘bout a threesome ? " 
according to a poll , over 50% of viewers thought that mitt romney won this week ' s presidential debate . romney credits the win to his preparation , his grasp of the issues , and the good people at mattel who built him . 
according to a new study , american fathers are spending more than twice as much time with their children as they used to in years past . experts say it ' s due to a sweeping new trend called " unemployment . " 
in greece , 20 , 000 angry protesters filled the streets and threw yogurt at the police . all i can say is , thank god the police stopped that crazy mob before they got down to the " fruit layer . " 
according to a recent study , watching too much television on a daily basis increases your chance of a premature death . the study goes on to say i ' m worth it . 
did everyone have a nice father ' s day ?   i have to say i was a little bit upset when my son gave a tie to arnold schwarzenegger . 
a spokesman for texas governor rick perry said there is a 50 - 50 chance he ' ll run for president .   meanwhile , sarah palin said there is an 80 - 50 chance she ' ll run . 
according to the washington post , rebels in   libya like to smoke hash before they fight .   all i can say is , if the hash you ' re smoking makes you want to fight , you might need a new dealer . 
this weekend , president obama and speaker john boehner partnered up on the golf course . spectators said it was great to look out on the course and see a person of color playing golf with the president of the united states . 
a dating website called " beautifulpeople . com " has dumped 30 , 000 members claiming they ' re too ugly and shouldn ' t have been there .   however , all 30 , 000 have been invited to join the new website called , " beergoggles . com . " 
nbc has apologized for editing out the words " under god " from the pledge of allegiance during its coverage of the u . s . open .   nbc says it ' s also sorry about having brian william signoff from the nightly news with , " hail satan . " 
borders books has announced that it expects to find a buyer by the end of july . not a buyer for the company , just anyone willing to pay them for a book . 
bristol palin has written a memoir and in it , she says she lost her virginity on a night that she drank too many wine coolers . the details are in the chapter called , " things i have common with conan o ' brien . " 
at the daytime emmys , the soap opera " the bold and the beautiful " won four awards . among the emmys it won were " best drama series , " " best supporting actor " and " last soap opera still on the air . " 
the florida marlins ' new manager , jack mckeon , is 80 - years - old .   this makes him the oldest man working in baseball , and the youngest man working in florida . 
it ' s being reported that kirstie alley has a new 21 - year - old boyfriend . kirstie says she likes the younger boyfriend because he can do it three times per night—and by " it " , i mean dinner . 
after being dumped by his fiancé , hugh hefner reportedly already has a new playmate girlfriend . apparently , hef met his new girlfriend while he was having sex with her . 
arnold schwarzenegger was in his homeland of austria today and said he misses schnitzel . by the way , schnitzel is the name of his austrian love child . 
arnold schwarzenegger is back home in austria .   arnold is staying at his summer house on his summer housekeeper . 
john mccain says he is " puzzled " by the backlash to his comment that illegal immigrants are the cause of arizona ' s wildfires . he then said , " of course , i ' m also puzzled by the ‘defrost ' option on my microwave . " 
the egyptian military is asking people who they want to be the next president by using a facebook poll . so congratulations to egypt ' s new leader , president betty white . 
texas governor rick perry says that if he runs for president , he ' s ready to fight accusations that he ' s gay .   he said any man who so much as asks him if he ' s gay is going to get a good hard pinch in the butt . 
in her new book , bristol palin reveals that she lost her virginity on a camping trip .   bristol said she named her son " tripp " because " camping " seemed like a dumb name . 
a man has been awarded $ 100 , 000 after claiming his female boss grabbed his privates while on the job at lenscrafters .   out of habit , she would ask , " better like this , or better like this ? " 
the makers of " the hangover part ii " have settled a copyright infringement case with a tattoo artist who said they stole his design for ed helms ' tattoo . still pending is the plagiarism lawsuit being brought by the plot of " the hangover i . " 
tracy morgan held a press conference to officially apologize to the homosexual community . not helping is that he said , " i ' m sorry for my remark—that was totally gay of me . " 
today sarah palin ended her bus tour , reportedly canceling events in iowa , south carolina and new hampshire .   when asked why , palin said , " it turns out those places are nowhere near each other . "   
republican presidential candidate newt gingrich bragged about his third wife ' s accomplishments by saying , " she plays the french horn . " things got awkward when he added , " if you know what i mean . " 
in a new videotaped message , texas governor rick perry urges his supporters to follow him on " tweeter . "   after hearing about it , john mccain laughed and said , " what an idiot , it ' s the tweeter . " 
arnold schwarzenegger told a reporter that what he misses about austria the most is its " juicy wiener schnitzel . " by the way , the conference he ' s attending is at the institute of jokes that write themselves . 
republican presidential candidate jon huntsman ' s new campaign ad says he ' s " not in it for the balloons . "   after hearing this , george w . bush said , " but the balloons are the best part . " 
republican presidential candidate rick santorum once said , " i have no problem with homosexuality , i have a problem with homosexual acts . " so in other words santorum has just sewn up the crucial " gay people who don ' t have gay sex " vote . 
the tsa has announced changes in how its screeners will conduct pat downs on kids . for starters , the pat downs will no longer take place in a windowless van in an alley . 
some people are disturbed by three new fda   labels on cigarette packages that show rotting teeth , a sewn - up corpse , and smoke coming out of a man ' s neck hole . they ' re also disturbed that the fda is encouraging people to " collect all three ! " 
george clooney and his long - time lingerie model girlfriend have broken up .   friends said clooney was so depressed , there was definitely a gloomy quality to his next 19 hours of nonstop sex . 
just days after calling off her wedding to hugh hefner , playboy playmate crystal harris has returned the couple ' s dog to hefner .   sources say he ' s a slightly mangy fellow who pees himself a lot , but that he ' s very glad to get his dog back . 
in north carolina a man robbed a bank in order to go to jail so he could receive free healthcare .   and it worked—the man ' s been in jail for two days and he ' s already gotten 15 free prostate exams . 
the fbi has arrested the criminal who was the inspiration for the movie " the departed . "   the fbi is now looking for whoever ' s responsible for the last five katherine heigl movies .       
yesterday , sarah palin said that she read bristol palin ' s new book and that she found it , " shocking . "   when asked what was shocking , palin said , " the fact that i read a book . " 
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said if his country wants to make a nuclear bomb , they will . then he said , he ' s getting his ears pierced and there ' s nothing you can do it about , dad ! 
today while justin bieber was signing autographs , a 40 - something year old man jumped the barricade and knocked him down .   no word yet on which member of backstreet boys it was . 
the supreme court has ruled that the makers of generic drugs cannot be sued for inadequate labeling on their products . in fact , now all they have to say is , " this will do something to your cholesterol level and / or penis . " 
j . k . rowling unveiled her new website for hardcore harry potter fans .   it ' s called proactive . com . 
another kardashian sex tape has reportedly been leaked . you know who has trouble keeping up with the kardashians ? working porn stars . 
a southwest airlines pilot was overheard complaining that the women in houston are only " part do - able . " when they heard this , women in houston said that southwest pilots make love the way they fly : with frequent stops and a tiny bag of nuts . 
new york state has legalized gay marriage—that ' s right , people are saying new york city will now be america ' s " gay - wedding " capital . meanwhile , new jersey is still the capital of " straight men having gay sex in a rest stop . "   
today , republican presidential candidate , newt gingrich said that he does not support gay marriage . he said , " marriage is a sacred sacrament that should only be between a man and his first , second , and third wife . " 
this morning , new jersey ' s 300 pound governor chris christie came out against gay marriage , saying it is not something that he can support . then the floor beneath him shouted , " you ' re not something i can support . " 
today , michele bachman said her hometown of waterloo , iowa is the birthplace of john wayne , when actually , it is the birthplace of serial killer john wayne gacy . then she said her favorite sitcom from the ‘80s is , " charles manson in charge . " 
today former illinois governor rod blagojevich was found guilty of trying to sell president obama ' s senate seat . as the verdict was read , blagojevich ' s face remained expressionless , while his hair remained ridiculous . 
an authoritative new book of nelson mandela ' s quotations has been published . the most surprising quote was , " regardless of skin color , creed , or orientation , bitch better have my money . " 
in a new poll , americans say if they could only have one child , they ' d prefer that child to be a boy .   after hearing about it , arnold schwarzenegger offered to help . 
the brazilian government has confirmed the existence of a primitive tribe in the amazon jungle that has had no contact with the modern world .   in fact , the tribe is so primitive they live in huts and hang out at blockbuster video . 
earlier today an asteroid the size of a bus barely missed the earth .   after hearing about it , people in los angeles asked , " what the hell is a bus ? " 
a preschool in sweden has banned children from using gender - identifying   words like " him , " " her , " " she , " and " he . "   instead , children are encouraged to refer to each other as " chaz . " 
this wednesday , the catholic church is launching a new website , and reportedly all priests are being encouraged to interact with people online . so , check it out this wednesday at : www . probably - not - a - good - idea . com . 
experts say new york ' s new gay marriage bill could bring $ 210 million into the state ' s economy . even more surprising , all of that would be from one crazy gay bachelor party . 
yesterday , reverend pat robertson said that the legalization of gay marriage means that god is going to destroy america . so you can imagine how awkward it was when god introduced pat robertson to his life - partner , " brad . " 
the pope has released his first - ever tweet over twitter . trying to reach as wide an audience as possible , all he tweeted was " i bless thee in the name of the father , the gaga , and the holy bieber . " 
sarah palin is in iowa today to attend a screening of a documentary about her called the undefeated . critics describe " the undefeated " as a heartwarming tale about a woman who has forgotten that—in her last election—she was defeated . 
tbs is denying rumors they are giving charlie sheen his own show .   a spokesperson for tbs said , " one mentally unbalanced former network star is enough . " 
former congressman anthony weiner is reportedly involved in choosing his successor . apparently the first question he asks his potential replacements is " what ' s the difference between ‘reply ' and ‘reply all ? ' " 
a senior leader of al - qaeda has been captured in afghanistan dressed as a woman .   people became suspicious when they spotted a man in a dress stoning himself . 
mathematicians are considering getting rid of the number pi and replacing it with a different number called " tau . "   after hearing they were getting rid of pi , kirstie alley said " goodbye cruel world " and jumped off a building . 
now that gay marriage is legalized in new york , prisons are going to allow gay inmates to have conjugal visits from their spouses . so finally prison inmates will get to have gay sex .   
on monday , rev . pat robertson said that if more states legalize gay marriage , god will destroy america . and then , god will rebuild america into the greatest dance club the world has ever known . 
today in minnesota , sarah and bristol palin made an appearance at a book store .     apparently , it was " bring your daughter to a place you never go " day . 
chris hansen , the host of " to catch a predator , " was caught cheating on his wife with a woman 20 years younger than him . hansen knew something was up when he walked into his kitchen this morning and he was already there , waiting for himself . 
earlier today , lindsay lohan had her house arrest bracelet removed .   then , when no one was looking , lohan slipped the bracelet in to her pocket .   
legendary astronaut buzz aldrin is now single . he ' s been going to a lot of bars and asking ladies if they want to take one giant leap onto his mankind . 
california officials are claiming that the census failed to count over a million residents of the state . my question is , how did schwarzenegger manage to cover up that many children ? 
on monday , rev . pat robertson said that if more states legalize gay marriage , god will destroy america . on the plus side , he admitted that gays will then come in and do a beautiful renovation . 
north korea has shut down all its universities for 10 months so students can work in factories .   or as they call it in north korea , " spring break ! " 
our first show back after a two week break . andy and i took the time to reconnect with our families and then fix the 405 freeway . 
carmageddon was this weekend and every one stayed in . in fact , the only people that left their home were emergency workers , police officers and marc anthony . 
the final harry potter movie opened this weekend . which means it ' s the first time in their lives harry potter fans have experienced a climax . 
donald trump ' s daughter , ivanka trump , gave birth to a baby girl over the weekend . the baby ' s name is trump granddaughter and casino . 
msnbc suspended one of their commentators for calling president obama " a dick . "   meanwhile , fox news suspended one of their commentators for not calling president obama " a dick . " 
an audio clip from five years ago has been released of michele bachmann predicting the end of the world . actually , her exact words were , " i ' m going to run for president in 2012 . " 
at the phoenix airport , a woman is being accused of groping a tsa agent . the woman was taken into custody and immediately hired by the tsa . 
border ' s book store is going to be liquidated after failing to receive a single bid to buy the company . apparently , all the potential investors who showed up just hung around inside for a while , hoping to use the bathroom . 
a woman was arrested for trying to sell her baby at a taco bell . even worse , she did so by labeling him a " bambino grande . " 
the latest rumor in hollywood is that kirstie alley picks up young men by promising them movie roles .   meanwhile , young men pick up kirstie by promising her " cinnamon rolls . " 
today while testifying in parliament , rupert murdoch was attacked by a man who threw a pie and yelled insulting names .   murdoch immediately gave the man his own show on foxnews . 
the audience for the new harry potter movie has been 54% female and 46% male .   however , none of the males went to the film with a female .   
in a new interview , daniel radcliffe admits he once had a drinking problem . then he realized what kind of money he was making and realized he could totally afford a coke problem . 
due to the heat wave , health experts in the midwest are telling residents to go easy on their workouts . to which people in the midwest responded , " what ' s a workout ? " 
meteorologists say temperatures may reach 100 degrees in washington dc . of course , republicans have vowed to not let it go above 96 degrees . 
a panel of medical experts has recommended that health insurance companies provide free birth control to all their clients . the recommendation has been hailed as " historic " by women ' s groups and " ten years too late " by maria shriver . 
nasa is now considering a much smaller craft to replace the space shuttle , and it ' s being described as a " space taxi . " nasa says the space taxi can do everything the space shuttle does , except pick you up if you ' re black . 
after attending the all - star game , the manager of the chicago cubs mike quade was detained by the tsa for 40 minutes .   apparently , the tsa demanded to know what someone from the cubs was doing at the all - star game . 
according to a medical journal , a 22 year old woman has a nipple on the bottom of her foot .   in fact , she recently filed groping charges against the guy at payless . 
over the weekend , president obama held a private meeting with the dalai lama . apparently , the president asked about the political situation in tibet , and then the dalai lama asked if it was too soon to bang jennifer lopez . 
the latest rumor in hollywood is that jennifer lopez and marc anthony broke up over another woman .   apparently , the other woman was steven tyler . 
rick santorum says he has a " google problem " cause when you google his name , it brings up an obscene term . fellow candidate tim pawlenty said he also has a google problem—when you google his name , it says , " no results found . " 
sarah palin ' s son , track , announced that he and his wife are expecting a baby . the couple doesn ' t know the baby ' s name yet but they do know it will be a verb . 
it ' s been reported that michele bachmann suffers from migraine headaches that leave her incapacitated .   whenever that happens , one of her staffers has to step in and hate gay people for her .   
microsoft founder bill gates announced that he ' s working to reinvent the toilet .   meanwhile , steve jobs is coming out with something called the icrap . 
in sweden , a sperm - sniffing police dog is helping authorities solve cases .   the first case the dog helped solve was " the case of the perv who trained the sperm - sniffing dog . " 
new york city is currently holding a lottery for gay couples hoping to get married .   state officials will choose four lucky balls—but no word yet on how the lottery part will work . 
with a major heat wave gripping much of the country health officials are urging americans to stay home .   to which most americans said , " we are home—we don ' t have jobs . " 
nasa says that , without the space shuttle , they ' ll now have to pay the russians $ 63 million just to fly one astronaut to the international space station . and if the astronaut wants to check a bag , it ' s an extra $ 15 million . 
in the united arab emirates , a wealthy sheikh had his name carved so large in the sand that it can be seen from space .   the best part is that —in even bigger letters—someone wrote " has a tiny penis . " 
a new study finds that listening to the radio makes people happier than surfing the internet .   the study was conducted by a group of people who are unaware there ' s porn on the internet . 
there ' s a new social network that ' s been created just for senior citizens .   actually , we ' re just sending them to myspace—but we ' re telling them it ' s new . 
yesterday , the senate held hearings on gay marriage , and one senator who supports gay rights quoted abraham lincoln .   he said lincoln would have been friendly to gays because he had a beard and lived his last moments in the theater . 
a couple in indiana is in trouble for having sex for 30 minutes in a public pool in front of dozens of witnesses . who does that ? who has sex for 30 minutes ? 
the nfl lock - out has been settled and the season will take place after all .   after hearing this , detroit lions fans said , " we were afraid this might happen . " 
in new york , two grandmothers became the state ' s first legally wed same - sex couple . the night before , the two grandmothers threw a bachelorette party where a stripper jumped out of a lemon square . 
because republicans won ' t agree on president ' s obama ' s proposals on raising the debt ceiling , the president may have to cancel his 50th birthday party . so it ' s worse than we thought—republicans won ' t even let obama raise his age . 
experts say that because of the debt ceiling debate , america ' s credit rating could be seriously ruined . on the bright side , the american government was just approved for a discover card . 
according to a new poll , less than half of americans know that mitt romney is a mormon . in fact , some of his wives don ' t even know . 
sarah palin ' s documentary " the undefeated " will soon be available on on - demand . it ' s part of on - demand ' s new service called " not remotely in demand . "   
bristol palin accused michele bachmann of dressing like her mom .   then , she accused michele bachmann ' s husband of dressing like her mom . 
according to a new survey , 40 percent of internet users feel " lonely " when they ' re unable to go online . fortunately , that loneliness disappears as soon as they go back to playing on a fake farm with people they didn ' t like in high school . 
james franco and his girlfriend of 5 years have broken up . even worse , franco told the girl he ' d only been dating her as part of a 5 - year performance art piece . 
in florida two women stole $ 400 worth of wine from a liquor store by shoving the wine up their skirts . the wine has been recovered but the corks are still missing .   
in his speech last night , president obama said that " compromise " has become a dirty word . then he told republicans to go " compromise themselves . " 
the us government is one week away from running out of money to pay its bills . so basically , our nation has become nicolas cage . 
donald trump said the gop should let the us default in order to prevent president obama ' s reelection . trump said , " trust me on this , i go bankrupt all the time ! " 
yesterday , 300 - pound new jersey governor chris christie stated he is not running for president . christie said he likes the president part , but not the running part . 
mcdonald ' s has added apple slices to their happy meals . and , an hour later , mcdonald ' s added cheese and beef to their apple slices . 
the state of california is allowing supporters of marijuana legalization to try and put it on the ballot . now the only obstacle left for the pot supporters is " to remember to put it on the ballot . " 
an oklahoma man appeared on antiques roadshow and broke the show ' s record with an item worth $ 1 . 5 million . the item was the state of oklahoma . 
scientists have created a birth control pill for men . they say if it works , it could replace the old birth control for men : axe body spray .   
kim kardashian has been diagnosed with psoriasis .   however , her doctor assured her it won ' t interfere with her ability to do nothing . 
the u . s . government is less than one week away from running out of money to pay its bills .   things are so bad , america may have to move in with canada for a while . 
republican members of the house of representatives psyched themselves up for the debt ceiling debate by watching a scene from a   ben affleck movie . i ' m a little worried because the movie was armageddon . 
senate leader harry reid has rejected the republican debt plan , calling it " a big wet kiss to the right wing . " meanwhile , republicans are calling the democratic plan " a little under - the - shirt , over - the - bra action for the left wing . " 
former president george w . bush will give his first interview about the killing of osama bin laden next month on cable tv .   it ' s expected to be the highest rated episode of cake boss ever . 
mitt romney said one of the people he would consider as his running mate is 300 - lb . new jersey governor chris christie .   after hearing about it , christie said , " that ' s great , but tell me more about the dinner . " 
in afghanistan , plans are in the works for an afghani version of the sitcom " the office . "   unfortunately , they can ' t find a place in afghanistan that ' s as depressing as scranton . 
congressman david wu has resigned after being accused of what are being called " unwanted sexual advances . " or as it was called in my high school , " the conan . " 
it ' s being reported that google and yahoo are in serious talks to buy hulu . i don ' t have a joke here , i just wanted to confuse my mother . 
doctors say that symptoms of pms can be treated with marijuana . the news is a big relief to woman and an even bigger relief to men . 
earlier today , alex trebek injured his leg while chasing down a burglar .   trebek insists at no time was he in jeopardy or double jeopardy .   
mcdonald ' s has announced its happy meals will include an apple slice and half the amount of french fries . in a related story , the happy meal will now just be called , " the meal . " 
it ' s being reported that a sex and the city prequel is in the works that follows the ladies when they were in their teens and twenties . fans say it will be fun to see what new york was like when it was still owned by the dutch . 
the u . s . government is now just a few days away from running out of money to pay its bills . congress ' latest plan is to see how much cash they can get for john mccain on " antiques roadshow . " 
33 soldiers from the mexican army were allowed to return to mexico yesterday after they accidentally crossed the border into america .   that ' s right , things have now gotten so bad in this country that people are only crossing the border now by accident . 
alex trebek was asleep in the nude when he discovered there was a burglar in his room .     alex , i ' ll take " images i can wish i could erase " for $ 300 . 
while chasing the burglar , alex trebek injured his achilles ' tendon .   or as trebek calls it , " the tendon named for this hero of greek mythology . " 
according to a recent survey , this year kids are receiving an average of 40 cents less under their pillows from the tooth fairy .   wow—the economy is so bad , even make - believe people are feeling the pinch . 
to be more inclusive , facebook has added " civil union " to its relationship status updates . that ' s not all—next week they ' re adding " domestic partnership " and " whatever the hell michele bachmann and her husband are up to . " 
according to new research , you may be at risk of bacterial infections from clothing you buy at the mall . experts say the store you most want to avoid is " victoria ' s really disgusting secret . " 
britain has banned an ad featuring julia roberts and model christy turlington for being overly - airbrushed . just to give you an idea of how overly - airbrushed it was , before they changed it , the ad featured margaret cho and aretha franklin . 
martha stewart is currently in haiti studying   the haitians ' local handcrafts . martha told the craft makers " it ' s beautiful , completely inspired , and you ' re doing it all wrong . " 
in oregon , a woman wearing a string bikini was kicked out of wal - mart . but let ' s face it , the real story here is that a woman who shops at wal - mart is able to fit into a string bikini . 
the deal reached by president obama and congressional leaders would raise the debt ceiling until the year 2013 . but here ' s the best part , it prevents another smurfs movie until the year 2014 . 
during the debt - ceiling debate , nancy pelosi said john boehner has gone over " to the dark side . "   which for boehner means he fell asleep in the tanning booth . 
democratic congressman emanuel cleaver called the debt - ceiling bill a " sugar coated satan sandwich . "   to which a spokesman for denny ' s replied : " hey , don ' t drag our new sandwich into this ! " 
senator john mccain said he ' ll vote for the debt ceiling compromise , but first he ' ll have to " swallow hard . " then he asked what was so god damn funny before storming off and muttering , " i hate young people . " 
president obama ' s birthday is this week , and he said what he wants for his birthday is a deal on the national debt . in a related story , michelle obama is at the apple store trying to buy a $ 4 trillion itunes gift card . 
in austria , a new arnold schwarzenegger museum has opened up . actually , two opened up , but no one knows about the second one . 
oprah winfrey announced plans to return to television in october with a new show . that ' s right , that ' s how bad things are in this country—even oprah winfrey has run out of money . 
bill nye the science guy appeared on fox news and debated a fox anchor on climate change . which probably explains his new nickname , " bill nye , the communist muslim guy . " 
it ' s being reported that 70% of new york city restaurants got an " a " on their inspection reports . unfortunately , the " a " stands for , " aaaay , is that a rat ? " 
the u . s . coast guard has found a sunken submarine filled with over seven tons of cocaine .   sharks are calling it , " best shark week ever ! " 
today , the president signed the debt ceiling bill into law .   democrats hate it , republicans hate it—so i guess it can ' t be that bad . 
earlier today , the senate passed the debt ceiling bill .   president obama was relieved and said , " now we can get back to the serious issue of whether or not i was born in this country . " 
the debt deal calls for the formation of a " super congress " to take on tougher decisions down the road . in case you ' re wondering , a " super congress " consists of 6 congressmen from each party , plus wolverine . 
this weekend , cher tweeted that michele bachmann needs to go back to school and take a history class .   in response , michele bachmann said , " just for that , i ' m going to make my husband take down his cher posters . " 
former detroit mayor kwame kilpatrick was released from prison today .   kilpatrick said he spent most of his time in prison hanging out with other mayors of detroit . 
according to a new report , the world ' s 7th billionth person is expected to be born in india at the end of october .   and he ' s expected to look a lot like arnold schwarzenegger . 
marvel comics has created a new spider - man who is half - black and half - hispanic . his arch enemies include the green goblin , doctor octopus and the tea party . 
in washington , a native - american tribe has approved same - sex marriage . the decision was passed down by the tribe ' s leader , chief " dances to gaga . " 
police in new jersey arrested a dunkin ' donuts employee for prostituting herself out to customers .   so apparently , anything with a hole is for sale at dunkin ' donuts . 
yesterday , a man jumped the white house fence . but after a brief chase , secret service was able to talk president obama into coming back and continuing his term . 
president obama is the third president to turn 50 in the white house , following theodore roosevelt and bill clinton .   but still , bill clinton is the only president in the white house to celebrate 69 . 
the new york times reports that 31 states have had to slash their arts budgets for the coming year . particularly hard hit was south dakota , which had to cancel its annual all - white production of " the wiz . " 
the woman who attempted to rob alex trebek ' s hotel room could face 25 years in prison . even worse , while she waits for the judge ' s decision , they ' re going to make her listen to that jeopardy music . 
the garmin company is now offering a new gps device that has the voice of yoda . maybe it ' s just me , but if i ' m getting turn - by - turn directions , do i really want someone who speaks backwards ? 
in new jersey , a woman working at a dunkin ' donuts was arrested for prostituting herself to customers . her rates were $ 200 an hour , and an extra 50 bucks for sprinkles . 
in texas , a woman was arrested after she left her newborn with a stranger so she could audition to be a stripper . she was charged with impersonating someone from florida . 
hugh hefner had a picture taken of himself " planking " on a wood table , and friends who saw the photo were afraid he was dead . everyone else was just shocked at the sight of a hugh hefner photo containing wood . 
the new season of jersey shore premieres tonight . so now america can take a break from feeling broke and concentrate on feeling ashamed . 
this year ' s season of " jersey shore " takes place in italy . without giving away too much , i had no idea the pope even had a hot tub . 
a new poll shows that president obama is losing support among voters in florida . which explains why this morning , the president announced that he sent team six out to get casey anthony .   
in the upcoming 2012 election , political analysts are now saying that oprah winfrey can help deliver president obama the white , working class female vote .   analysts also say dr . phil can help deliver the crucial fake doctor vote . 
mitt romney has joined rick santorum in signing " the marriage pledge " which opposes gay marriage .   then , while signing , something magical happened between the two of them and now , they ' re spending the weekend together . 
the cargill meat solutions corporation announced yesterday that are recalling 35 million pounds of their ground turkey . i don ' t see why…cargill meat solutions corporation ground turkey sounds delicious ! 
several fox news hosts have criticized spongebob squarepants for " pushing a global warming agenda . " then things got really ugly when they demanded to see " dora the explorer ' s " immigration papers . 
in a recent interview , octomom nadya suleman said , " i have zero sexual interest . " which is too bad because what ' s sexier than an exhausted uterus ? 
supermodel linda evangelista is demanding $ 46 , 000 a month in child support to raise her 4 - year old son . in her defense , the child does have a major coke problem . 
pink , lady gaga , & katy perry have all been nominated for a new mtv video music award , " best music video with a message . " pink ' s message is " girl power , " lady gaga ' s message is " be yourself , " and katy perry ' s message is , " my breasts are made of candy . " 
the stock market dropped 600 points today because standard and poor ' s downgraded our credit rating from aaa to aa . on the bright side , pat sajak has offered to sell us another " a " for $ 2 trillion . 
standard & poor ' s lowered the us ' credit rating for the first time ever . we ' re now a double a , which means no one will loan us money or go to second base with us . 
china has warned the us that its days of squandering borrowed money are over . so maybe we shouldn ' t tell the chinese that last week we spent $ 76 million to see the smurf movie . 
of course the really big showbiz story this weekend involved a bunch of hairy primates taking over everything with no way to stop them . but enough about the " jersey shore " premiere . 
in a new interview , michele bachmann said when she met her husband she had a vision of marrying him and he had the same vision of her .   in fact , in each of their visions they were both wearing the same wedding dress . 
the american psychological association claims that incivility in the workplace is on the rise . the findings were pointed out to me by one of my stupid employees who i ' ll probably fire . 
sesame street announced that supreme court justice sonia sotomayor will be a guest this season . this is the first time a justice has appeared on sesame street since justice breyer ruled that bert and ernie could to call themselves " roommates . " 
a year after they were rescued , most of the chilean miners are still unemployed .   unfortunately , most employers are hesitant to hire them because of the giant gap in their resume . 
the new york times reports that beatlemania has finally come to cuba . in fact , the cubans ' favorite beatles song is , " i want to leave in a yellow submarine . " 
sixty venomous snakes were seized from a north carolina home this weekend . meanwhile , in snake news , there was a big party at steve ' s house ! 
at a concert this weekend , kanye west said that people look at him like he ' s hitler . however , historians point out that at least hitler occasionally stopped talking . 
this coming weekend , las vegas will host the 45th anniversary star trek convention . which explains the city ' s new motto , " what happens in vegas…is probably happening for the first time . " 
after yesterday ' s 600 - point drop , the stock market fell and then got back up again six times today . so basically , the stock market is acting like me after 3 appletini ' s . 
new reports say that president obama ' s reelection team will try to portray republican frontrunner mitt romney as " weird . " they will also try portraying michele bachmann as michele bachmann . 
newsweek magazine is taking heat for calling michele bachmann the " queen of rage . " when asked for comment , michele said , " there ' s only one raging queen in my household , and it ' s not me . " 
scientists have discovered that texas and antarctica were once linked .   the say their first clue was when they were shot at by penguins . 
a new study shows that americans with type 2 diabetes can completely reverse the disease by eating healthy foods . in other words , no cure for type 2 diabetes . 
in india , a woman with two uteruses has given birth to twins .   the twins apparently aren ' t getting along because they ' re both used to having their own room . 
in maryland , over 50 people rioted during a little league game for 7 and 8 year olds .   the riot ended with everyone lining up , high fiving each other and saying , " good riot , good riot , good riot… . " 
arnold schwarzenegger was recently seen wearing a t - shirt that said , " i survived maria . "   i response , maria shriver was spotted wearing a t - shirt that said , " i survived ‘twins ' , ‘end of days ' and ‘jingle all the way . ' " 
tonight is my 3 , 000th show . that means this is the three thousandth time i ' ve said ‘we ' ve got a great show tonight , ' without really meaning it . 
the other day , republican presidential candidate rick santorum accused texas governor rick perry of being soft on gay marriage .   in response , perry said , " so he ' d rather i be ‘hard ' on gay marriage ? " 
with the stock market in flux , the price of gold has shot up to almost $ 2 , 000 . in other words , flavor flav ' s mouth is now a millionaire . 
republican presidential candidate jon huntsman announced that he has secured the endorsement of jeb bush jr . analysts say that huntsman has all but sewn up the crucial " guy you didn ' t know existed " vote . 
arnold schwarzenegger could face legal action for lighting up a cigar in an airport that bans smoking . when asked to comment , schwarzenegger said it was nice to finally get in trouble with a different long thing he carries in his pants . 
a new report shows that due to the weak economy , more americans are cancelling their cable television . all i can say is , good luck trying to live without 8 shows about cakes . 
new york city schools are now being required to teach sex - ed . it ' s hoped to be an improvement over the way new yorkers currently tell their kids about sex , " ay , i ' m screwin ' here ! " 
in a new poll , the most hated americans are casey anthony , the octomom , paris hilton and o . j . simpson .   so , i guess i should probably rethink my guests for next week . 
the iowa state fair starts tomorrow , and this year marks the debut of fried butter on - a - stick . also debuting at the iowa state fair , " dead fatty - on - a stretcher . " 
" jersey shore " star snooki announced that this fall she is releasing her own fragrance .   no one had the heart to tell her she already has . 
some political analysts think that president obama has been making many of the same mistakes that president bush made .   in response , obama said , " that ' s ridiculous , now if you ' ll excuse me , spongebob is on . " 
even though he ' s not officially in the race yet , 15% of republicans and independents are leaning towards supporting rick perry .   half of perry ' s supporters like his conservative values and the other half think he ' s the lead singer from " journey . "   
house minority leader nancy pelosi has named the final members of the committee charged with reducing the debt .   unfortunately , the committee includes mc hammer , willie nelson , and nicolas cage . 
the fcc announced that you will soon be able to send text messages to 911 .   i ' m sure 911 operators can ' t wait to get texts that say , " being carjacked lol . " 
earlier this week , aretha franklin got out of a parking ticket in new york by singing to a meter maid .   in a related story , michael bolton tried the same thing and is now serving life .   
yesterday , chris brown announced the dates for his upcoming tour . he ' s going to hit savannah , charlotte and madison , and then he ' s going to go on tour . 
in georgia , a stripper successfully carried out a bank robbery . bank employees say it ' s the first time they ' ve been robbed by someone who entered the bank to the song " cherry pie . " 
an olive garden in north carolina may have exposed diners to hepatitis a . the hepatitis a virus is the first substance ever found in an olive garden that ' s also found in italy . 
the statue of liberty is being closed for a year to make its interior safer and more accessible . in a related story , paris hilton had the same procedure last year . 
the kardashian sisters are publishing a novel based on their lives . the book is called " sisterhood of the extra wide pants . " 
kim , khloe , and kourtney kardashian are publishing a novel based on their lives .   it ' s called " a tale of six titties . " 
michele bachmann took first place in the iowa straw poll . michele says she hasn ' t been this excited since she won last year ' s " who ' s crazier than sarah palin " contest . 
yesterday , tim pawlenty announced he ' s dropping out of the race for president .   pawlenty said he wanted to spend more time with his family because even they don ' t know who he is . 
in his early days in the texas state legislature rick perry used to wear his jeans so tight that his nickname was " crotch . " i don ' t know about you , but item # 77 on my bucket list is a president of the united states named " crotch . " 
republican congressman phil hinkle , who voted to ban gay marriage , was caught propositioning a male prostitute . when asked to explain himself , hinkle said , " well i wasn ' t going to marry him ! " 
canada has imposed a ban on trade with north korea .   in other words , no more hockey highlight dvds for kim jong - il . 
the nypd created a new unit that will use social media sites such as facebook , twitter and myspace to catch criminals . criminals caught on facebook and twitter will be arrested , while criminals found on myspace will be told about facebook . 
paula abdul is looking for a new assistant who will constantly remind her that she is " a warrior , a survivor and a gift . " in other words , her new assistant must be able to type over 50 lies a minute . 
at a mall in florida , a man was arrested for stealing a cardboard cutout of justin bieber .   it ' s the second theft linked to justin bieber , if you also inlcude my heart . 
recently , rick perry distanced himself from george w . bush by saying , " i went to texas a & m . he went to yale . " in other words , rick perry ' s idea of instilling confidence is to say , " don ' t worry , i ' m not as smart as george w . bush . " 
in a speech yesterday , former president bill clinton said that rick perry is " a good - looking rascal . "   this was part of a speech clinton gave entitled , " i ' m looking for a new wingman . " 
while on the campaign trail , mitt romney accidentally said he was in iowa while he was giving a speech in new hampshire .   afterwards , romney apologized and said , " i momentarily mixed up my sea of white people . " 
today , michele bachmann wished elvis presley a happy birthday , even though today ' s the anniversary of his death . when told about the mistake , bachmann said , " my apologies to not only elvis but the entire costello family . " 
newt gingrich , who came in 8th place in the iowa straw poll , said that he ' s not dead yet . then he got invited to do " dancing with the stars " and said , " okay , now i ' m dead . " 
the white house sent vice president joe biden to china today . so now we owe them a trillion dollars and an apology . 
a new book says that during world war ii britain attempted to " lace adolf hitler ' s food with female sex hormones . " thank god it never worked , because if there ' s one person you don ' t want to see pmsing , it ' s hitler . 
the tsa is trying out a new screening program that replaces patdowns with seeing how passengers react to a series of questions . unfortunately the first question is , " wow—are those real ? " 
the clothing store abercrombie and fitch has offered to pay jersey shore ' s the situation not to wear their clothes . not only that , but italy offered to pay snooki to tell people she ' s puerto rican . 
yesterday , french actor gerard depardieu got drunk on a flight and stood and peed on the cabin floor .   a spokesperson for air france said it was the fourth rudest thing someone did on that flight .   
president obama is on a bus tour of the midwest to talk about jobs , and   apparently , the bus he ' s riding was made in canada . that ' s so unpatriotic—if he was a real american that bus would have been made in china . 
in a speech today , president obama said the housing market may not pick up again for another year or longer . on the bright side , president obama now has nine people interested in his house . 
michele bachmann said that when she ' s president , gas prices will come down to less two dollars a gallon . when asked how she ' ll make that happen , bachmann said she ' ll hunt down the ceo of exxon and stare at him . 
at a campaign rally yesterday , michele bachmann told supporters she was going to play some elvis presley and " do some shagging . " then her husband , marcus , said , " let ' s just listen to elvis . " 
ford engineers are working on a technology to enable your car to communicate with other cars around it .   the new technology ' s being called a horn . 
tgi fridays reportedly did not disclose any of their nutritional information until required to by law .   a spokesperson for tgif said , " if we did that , we ' d have to change our name to " thank god it ' s type 2 diabetes . "   
kim kardashian has reportedly had to un - invite 50 guests to her wedding due to " space restrictions . " for the same reason , kim has also had to un - invite her ass . 
standard and poor ' s just downgraded the credit rating of the city of los angeles from aaa to aa .   when told this alarming news , the people of la said , " so , it ' s 70 degrees and we can legally buy pot . " 
the stock market plunged today and the price of gold is at a record high .   in fact , the price of gold is so high , today an angry mob looted mr . t . 
the ceo of starbucks said that president obama shouldn ' t be vacationing during a crisis . he said obama should be trying to get americans back to work so they can afford a $ 9 cup of coffee . 
the white house is pointing out that all presidents take vacations . teddy roosevelt took trips to long island , harry truman would go to key west and of course , george bush would go to legoland . 
yesterday , a brawl broke out during a joe biden speech in china . apparently , someone was blocking the exit . 
in his new memoir , senator joe lieberman talks about why having sex with his wife hadassah on the sabbath is so important to him . it ' s all there in the chapter called , " you might want to skip this . " 
french actor gerard depardieu has apologized for urinating on the floor of a first class cabin of an airline .   depardieu ' s exact words were , " i ' m sorry , i thought i was in coach . " 
kim kardashian ' s personal trainer says she ' s working out hard for her wedding and that , " there ' s no quit in kim . "   the trainer then said , " that is , unless , there ' s an la laker whose name is ‘quit . ' " 
summer is officially over .   it ' s hard to believe that in just two months this tan will fade .   
it ' s been reported that the los angeles dodgers may be bought by chinese investors . so good news for america – there ' s finally something china is not going to win at ! 
one of president obama ' s speechwriters quit his job so he could pursue his lifelong dream of writing comedy .   so now he ' s a speechwriter for michele bachmann . 
george w . bush ' s niece lauren married david lauren and her name is now lauren bush - lauren . afterwards , george w . bush said he was thrilled for the bride and even more thrilled he doesn ' t have to learn how to spell a new name . 
a new report claims the us postal service could go out of business this winter .   on the bright side , the post office won ' t receive the report in the mail for another two years . 
last week in southern california , authorities discovered 250 pounds of marijuana washed up on the beach . they found it right near a group of sharks in a drum circle . 
" dancing with the stars " contestant chaz bono is getting in shape for the competition by losing a pound a day .   chaz is still trying to drop the weight he put on last year when he gained a penis . 
in washington state , a single sperm donor is believed to have fathered up to 150 children .   when asked to comment , the man said , " hey , what can i say , it was a really good issue of maxim . " 
kirstie alley announced she ' s selling her mansion in maine .   in other words , today is the greatest day ever if you ' re a lobster . 
after an std scare , all los angeles - area porn shoots have been shut down .   a spokesperson said , " we ' re doing everything we can to get the industry back on its knees . "   
all this week there is record heat here in california .   in fact , today on hollywood boulevard , the guy who plays spongebob took off his squarepants . 
the republican presidential candidates are having a debate today at the ronald reagan presidential library . it was going to be at the george w . bush library , but they couldn ' t fit all eight candidates into the " bouncy house . " 
people are saying texas governor rick perry is really tough because he ' s executed over 200 people .   and that was just while he was on vacation in florida . 
president obama has moved his big speech on the economy tomorrow to just before the nfl season opener . as a sign of how bad the economy is , the nfl had to borrow the quarter for the coin toss from china . 
in iowa this weekend , sarah palin ran a half - marathon and came in second place . of course , no one saw her do it , because she refused to tell anyone she was running . 
yesterday , the board of directors at yahoo fired their ceo , carol bartz . even worse was the way bartz found out she was fired : she did a search on the phrase , " what time should i come in tomorrow ? " 
the oil industry said today that , if they were allowed to drill more , they could create over a million new jobs .   of course , most of those jobs would be : " cleaning oil off ducks . " 
the state of maine has removed the word " squaw " from six locations after complaints that " squaw " means " whore " in some native american dialects .   so next summer i can ' t wait to vacation with my family at skank lake . 
according to a recent study , women who average 3 - 15 alcoholic drinks per week are healthier than women who are completely sober . the study was published in this month issue of " things lindsay lohan tells her parole officer . " 
anthropologists are now saying that ancient homo sapiens had sex with neanderthals .   so apparently , early man invented fire , the wheel and beer goggles . 
a bank robber in brooklyn was arrested after he updated his facebook status to " crime pays my bills ! "   now that he ' s in prison , the man ' s facebook page says , " can ' t stop getting poked . " 
some conservative columnists are saying that last night ' s debate moderator brian williams projected " a liberal bias . "   for example , williams introduced the candidates by saying , " please welcome , eight douchebags . "   
rick perry said he understands healthcare because his wife is a nurse . he said he also understands terrorism because he watched all eight seasons of " 24 . " 
during the debate , ultra conservative rick santorum said , " i ' m the son of an italian immigrant . " immediately after making the comment , santorum had his dad deported . 
in san jose , three female baristas have been cited for working topless .   according to witnesses , two of the baristas were grande and one was venti . 
ben & jerry ' s has introduced a new flavor called " schweddy balls " based on a saturday night live sketch . they ' re hoping it will be a better seller than last year ' s " dick - in - a - box crunch . " 
in a new speech about his jobs plan , president obama described himself as an " eternal optimist . " he then explained , " i ' m the kind of person who sees the country as half - employed . " 
last week in michigan a man wearing a president obama mask robbed a bank .   either that or president obama has an exciting new plan to reduce the deficit . 
earlier today , former minnesota governor tim pawlenty endorsed mitt romney calling him a " bedrock conservative . " after hearing this , john mccain said , " hey , i grew up in bedrock , i don ' t remember seeing him there . " 
it ' s being reported that texas governor rick perry met his wife when they were in elementary school . actually , at the time there was another boy who liked her too , but 9 - year - old rick perry had him executed . 
a new study shows that the cartoon " spongebob squarepants " causes learning problems in four - year - olds .   it also convinces four - year - olds that all sponges wear pants and are kinda gay . 
" watson , " the supercomputer from " jeopardy , " is now working at an insurance company .   unfortunately , watson was just fired after repeatedly saying to a female co - worker , " what is ‘your boobs and my face right now ? ' " 
amazon . com is rumored to be working on what they describe as netflix for books—where you can pick a book from their collection , read it , and then return it . amazon said they are going to call this amazing service " the library . " 
in england , a dominatrix is saying that a prominent politician used to hire her for services . of course , a dominatrix in england is someone who ties you down and flosses you . 
a movie about a monster who ' s half - man , half - alligator opened this weekend . it ' s called " the steven tyler story . " 
in florida , a man is having his bar mitzvah at the age of 82 . he says he hopes it goes better than the circumcision he had at 70 . 
in a recent interview , justin bieber said he definitely wants to be married by the time he ' s 25 . all i can say is , justin , i ' ll wait as long as it takes . 
at the debate , cnn gave each candidate a nickname—michele bachmann was " the firebrand " and rick perry was the " the newcomer . " meanwhile , newt gingrich was , " the guy who ate all the snacks in the green room . " 
when asked what he would bring to the white house , rick perry said " the most beautiful , most thoughtful , incredible first lady the nation has ever seen . " then he handed a rose to wolf blitzer . 
at last night ' s gop debate , some tea party members cheered at the idea of a sick , uninsured person being left to die . in fairness , the person in question was one of the moms from " toddlers & tiaras . " 
according to a new study , a man ' s testosterone level drops after his wife has a baby .   however , his testosterone level returns to normal the second his wife hires a 23 - year - old nanny . 
the us census bureau reports that american homes are 650 square feet larger today than they were in 1980 .   unfortunately , so are most americans . 
a south carolina man was arrested for sneaking a taser gun into the cowboys - jets game and using it on somebody . the man was arrested and immediately signed by the oakland raiders . 
in a new interview , justin bieber revealed he wears women ' s jeans .   when asked why , bieber said , " what else would you wear over women ' s underwear ? " 
earlier today , kirstie alley was a runway model in a new york fashion show .   kirstie wore a blue gown and a blue hat as part of an ensemble called , " the pacific ocean . " 
president obama ' s re - election campaign has launched a new contest where contributors can win a chance to have dinner with the president . or if you come in second , " a mid - afternoon hot pocket with joe biden . " 
mitt romney ' s campaign is offering people a chance to win a day with mitt romney . it ' s called " vote for mitt romney or else you ' ll have to spend a day with mitt romney . " 
yesterday on " the view , " dick cheney said he doesn ' t have a problem with gay marriage . then he brought out donald rumsfeld and made a very special announcement .   
a controversial new book claims that sarah palin once had a one night stand with african - american nba player glen rice .     people in alaska were shocked and asked , " what ' s an african - american ? " 
today , scarlett johansson contacted the fbi after several naked pictures of her were hacked from her phone .   the fbi said they are determined to find the hacker and even more determined to find the pictures .   
a company in denmark has released a new solid gold cell phone that costs over $ 57 , 000 . they say it ' s the coolest phone you ' ll ever drop in your toilet . 
the government announced it will step up its testing of beef thought to contain e . coli . they ' re going to start their search with taco bell ' s all new " e . colito grande . " 
under a law signed by arnold schwarzenegger , the state of ca could soon be releasing thousands of female inmates . arnold is a genius—now thousands of women who haven ' t been with a man in years feel like they owe schwarzenegger a favor . 
in a recent interview , justin bieber says he wants to have babies in a few years . then someone explained to him , he ' s not really a woman , he just looks like one . 
the man who made the documentary " biggie and tupac " has released a new film about sarah palin .   apparently , the palin documentary is similar to the biggie and tupac documentary but with more guns . 
facebook just announced that they ' ve appointed a new director of privacy . his name is dave jenkins , he lives at 17 oakwood lane and his pin number is 3153 . 
a new study shows that children as young as three years old can exhibit signs that they are gay . for instance , your baby is definitely gay if his first word is " gaga . " 
during fashion week in new york , lady gaga had a serious wardrobe malfunction .   that ' s right—gaga was caught in a blouse , skirt and hat made from simple fabric . 
this week at the miss universe pageant , a contestant was asked what she would do to prevent a war .   the contestant said she would use diplomacy , economic sanctions and walking back and forth in a bathing suit . 
nascar is trying some new initiatives to " go green , " including planting trees and using ethanol fuel . and most controversial—the idea of having all the nascar drivers carpool . 
a former model for " the price is right " is suing the show for sexual harassment . after hearing she ' s demanding 10 million dollars , " the price is right " said , " sorry , the exact retail price of sexual harassment is 8 . 5 million dollars . " 
at a high school football game in ohio last week , catholic school students taunted their opponents by chanting , " we ' ve got jesus ! " there was an awkward moment when jesus said , " yeah , but i ' ve got 50 bucks on the other team . " 
the emmy ' s were last night .   it was the first time the host was a tall charming lesbian since 2006 when i hosted . 
tomorrow the u . s . military will formally end its policy of " don ' t ask don ' t tell . " and wednesday , the air force paratroopers begin " operation ‘it ' s raining men . ' " 
president obama has proposed a new tax increase called the " buffett rule . " at first newt gingrich was for it , because he thought it was the " buffet rule . " 
first lady michelle obama has convinced the owners of the olive garden to cut calories and sodium by 20 percent .   they took the first lady ' s advice because michelle obama is more italian than anybody who works at the olive garden . 
south africa has decided not to buy 11 million chinese condoms because they are too small . which explains why china is now marketing the tiny condoms as " smurf ponchos . " 
the world ' s largest sperm bank is no longer accepting donations from men with red hair because of low demand .   as a result , this week , my neighborhood ' s salvation army is going to get a very interesting donation . 
sperm banks are no longer accepting donations from red haired men . i don ' t understand . what are people seeing night after night that ' s making red heads so unpopular ? 
it ' s official , as of today , " don ' t ask , don ' t tell " is no longer in effect .   for our military personnel , just a reminder , " glee " comes on at 2100 hours . 
so now gays can openly serve in the military . i ' d like to advise our enemies around the world to put down their arms because we will slap a bitch . 
today , former president bill clinton revealed that he turned down an invitation to join " dancing with the stars . " clinton said he wanted to keep himself available for " the bachelorette . " 
yesterday , chaz bono was spotted on the set of " dancing with the stars " without his shirt on . there were no survivors . 
last night , ashton kutcher made his debut on " two and a half men " playing a billionaire with a huge penis .   in fact , his penis is so big , it ' s now considered " the half man . " 
in a new survey , 1 in 5 americans believe that god steers the economy .   so mystery solved—god is chinese . 
twenty - two people were awarded the macarthur genius grant today . among the geniuses were a scientist , an educator , and a guy who got out of the stock market three years ago . 
last night on a flight to san francisco , a woman gave birth . the airline said that the mother and her new $ 40 carry - on are doing just fine . 
in georgia , a man stole a car because he didn ' t feel like walking to a fast food restaurant . he ' s being charged with " everything that ' s wrong with america . " 
according to a new worldwide sex survey , on any given day , 400 million people have sex .   which works out to 200 million male orgasms and 5 female . 
now that don ' t ask don ' t tell has been repealed , the marines said they want to recruit the most gay soldiers of any branch of the military . when the navy heard this , they said , " oh , bitch , it is on . " 
it was reported today that reading scores on the sats have reached all - time low . or as the headline put it , " sats be most baddest . " 
los angeles county is ranked # 1 in the nation when it comes to chlamydia . however , that ranking drops to # 9 whenever the lakers are on the road . 
the tea party is forming its own debt " super committee " that will meet this week at a florida denny ' s . trust me , you don ' t want to be the waiter who has to add the tax to their check . 
republican presidential candidate rick santorum is upset because when you google his last name , the search results include a gay sex act .   santorum ' s mad because he doesn ' t want to end up like 2008 presidential candidate , " rusty trombone . " 
new jersey governor chris christie wants to take away a tax break that the state gives to the tv show " jersey shore . "   after hearing this , snooki said , " it ' s official , now i ' ve been screwed by every guy in new jersey . " 
facebook has been redesigned and it now contains a real - time news ticker . every update says , " breaking news : you ' re screwing around at work . " 
forbes magazine has come out with its list of the richest people in america and one of them is the ceo of starbucks . his secret : he doesn ' t buy his coffee from starbucks . 
in a new interview , barry manilow said that young musicians don ' t write quality music . then he said , " now if you ' ll excuse me , i have to go sing my classic , ‘i ' m sad when you ' re sad and i ' m glad when you ' re glad . ' " 
scientists have discovered a squid that lives in the pacific ocean and has no discernable sexuality .   not much is known about the squid , except that it ' s pulling for chaz bono to win " dancing with the stars . " 
in missouri , a boy brought a crack pipe into kindergarten for show and tell . the class has not had a naptime since . 
the world ' s largest sperm bank announced they are no longer accepting donations from men with red hair .   the upside is , now i have my weekends back . 
today , mahmoud ahmadinejad was giving a speech at the u . n . and a lot of delegates walked out in protest . which is a shame , because they walked out just before ahmadinejad really went off on netflix . 
yesterday , president obama welcomed back the two hikers who had been held captive in iran . the president ' s exact words were , " great—two more americans who need jobs . " 
today , president obama is visiting the hometown of house speaker john boehner . obama plans to give a speech and then visit the tanning bed that boehner grew up in . 
arnold schwarzenegger has announced that he ' s going to be publishing a memoir next year . it will be available in hardcover , paperback , and a book - on - tape that ' s impossible to understand . 
the tea party has formed a " debt supercommittee " that will meet this week at a florida denny ' s . it will be the first time in history anyone at a denny ' s has expressed an interest in trimming fat . 
the fbi is looking into reports that someone has been vandalizing the airplanes for southwest airlines .   apparently , they ' ve been sneaking onto the planes when no one is looking and making them comfortable . 
in a new book , julian assange , the founder of wikileaks , is quoted as saying , " i may be a chauvinist pig , but i ' m no rapist . " which , by the way , is officially the worst pick - up line ever . 
the season premiere of " glee " was on tuesday and viewership dropped this year by 35% .   apparently , a large number of glee viewers were offended by the episode ' s controversial " male - female kiss . " 
a 98 year old man is being called " the world ' s oldest stoner " because he started smoking marijuana in 1936 .   you can tell he ' s smoked pot for a long time because his bumper sticker reads , " tell me about my grandchildren . " 
in missouri , a taco bell employee forgot to give a customer his hot sauce so the customer threatened him with a shotgun .   afterwards , the employee said , " that ' s nothing , once i had a customer point his ass at me . " 
" glee " premiered last week and its viewership dropped by 35% .   of course viewership is down because last week most " glee " fans were finally able to join the military . 
according to a report , kate middleton is taking a class in how to act more like a queen . the class is being taught by sir elton john . 
according to the red cross , obese people now outnumber the hungry . when told this , obese people said , " hey , we ' re hungry too . " 
a transgender california inmate has lost a legal battle to use tax - payer money for a sex - change operation .   the man is disappointed and his cellmate is inconsolable .   
it ' s being reported that several fire trucks from the los angeles fire department were used in porn shoots . authorities say they know they were used in porn shoots , because now their hoses burn when they spray . 
it ' s being reported that astronaut buzz aldrin has a new girlfriend who is 30 years younger than he is .   when asked about it , aldrin said , " what can i say i like tang . " 
president obama has been here in la the past two days and he held up traffic everywhere—this morning it took me two hours to get to work . of course , i ride a little girl ' s bicycle . 
yesterday in los angeles , president obama was heckled by someone who shouted " don ' t forget medical marijuana ! " so far , the secret service has narrowed its list of suspects to " everyone in los angeles . " 
a woman was kicked off a southwest airlines flight for kissing her female partner .   a spokesperson for southwest said , " that ' s not true , we kicked them off because they stopped . " 
on last night ' s " dancing with the stars , " nancy grace accidentally revealed her nipple . even more embarrassing , the sight of it gave chaz bono   his first erection . 
new jersey governor chris christie vetoed a tax break for the reality show " jersey shore . " the veto made snooki so angry , she turned orange - red . 
hallmark has launched a line of recession - themed cards that say , " sorry you lost your job . "   the good news is , the cards come pre - addressed to your congressman . 
the man who created doritos passed away at the age of 97 . the funeral will be cool ranch style . 
in france , there ' s a smartphone app that will tell you if your son is gay . apparently , over   there , it ' s hard to tell if a guy is gay or just from france . 
starbucks has teamed up with a designer to make a t - shirt that looks like it was stained with starbucks coffee . it ' s the same designer who made last year ' s bestselling " taco bell underpants . " 
the " octomom " is selling her home . it comes with 14 bedrooms , 9 baths , all - new appliances , and a walk - in uterus . 
the jewish new year began today at sundown . which means tonight ' s show was written entirely by me . 
arnold schwarzenegger recently commissioned three statues of arnold schwarzenegger . which is weird , because i thought he had a much more fun way of making duplicates of himself . 
president obama has invited the 1985 chicago bears to the white house .   he ' s asked them to bring a 1985 game ball , their 1985 uniforms , and the 1985 economy . 
the obama administration has decided that the photos of osama bin laden taken after his death must be kept from public view .   then they said the same thing about nancy grace ' s " nip - slip " on " dancing with the stars . " 
marcus bachmann wrote an open letter to conservatives describing his wife michele as " rock solid . " probably not helping was that he then wrote , " as rock solid as taylor lautner ' s yummy abs . " 
a recent study shows that a typical voting machine can be hacked by anyone with an 8th grade science education .   so the good news is , no one in america will be hacking our voting machines . 
hallmark has launched a line of recession - themed cards that say , " sorry you lost your job . "   even more depressing , the cards are made in china . 
reebok has agreed to pay customers $ 25 million over false claims that its " easytone " shoes would strengthen your buttocks . reebok is also facing similar charges over its " hugepenis " shoelaces . 
it ' s the jewish new year—according to the jewish calendar it is 5772 . i can always remember the jewish new year—i just take larry king ' s age and subtract 3 from it . 
the obama campaign is offering people a chance to win a dinner with president obama for $ 3 . this might explain obama ' s new campaign slogan " hey , i ' m cheaper than arby ' s . " 
yesterday , an envelope with a mysterious white powder was discovered near the set of " dancing with the stars . "   authorities say it was the most suspicious package seen at " dancing with the stars " since chaz bono wore tight jeans . 
a group of prominent republicans is trying to recruit 300 - pound governor chris christie for the presidential race . meanwhile , a group of tv producers is trying to recruit him for tlc ' s " i didn ' t know i was pregnant . " 
michele bachmann told students that it ' s okay to settle for cake batter if the local yogurt shop is out of cookies and cream . it was in response to the question— " can you give us a food - based metaphor that explains your marriage ? " 
recently , facebook founder mark zuckerberg went hunting and he shot and killed a bison .   and just as he pulled the trigger he whispered , " consider yourself…defriended . " 
a group of unpaid interns are suing a film company for not teaching them anything .   the film company says they did teach them something—that show business is about screwing people over . 
there ' s a new kind of yoga class that teaches women to have orgasms without touching themselves . the technique involves relaxing your muscles , breathing correctly and having sex with your yoga instructor . 
the iphone 4s doesn ' t come out until friday but the pre - orders of the new iphone have broken the company ' s previous record .   the most exciting thing about the iphone 4s is a new app that automatically pre - orders the iphone 5 . 
an apple store in london was robbed by a biker gang . this settles the age - old question : who would win in a fight—a biker gang or the guys that work at the genius bar ? 
yesterday , pizza mogul herman cain compared his run for president to moses leading his people out of egypt .   cain said it took moses 40 years to lead people out of the desert but he could do it in 30 minutes or less . 
this weekend , michele bachmann told voters in new hampshire , " i want to be your sweetheart . " and today bachmann told iowa they could get to second base with her in the back of her dad ' s buick . 
this past weekend , california had its first medical marijuana job fair .   over 2 million people meant to show up .   
due to the lockout , the first two weeks of the nba season might be canceled .   on the bright side , the clippers say this will not affect their attendance .   
a new study shows that most young people think that the christian church is " unfriendly . " the study also found that young people think the catholic church is " a little bit too friendly . " 
new research shows that tanning beds are even more dangerous than previously thought .   especially if snooki used it right before you .   
two of the top halloween costumes this year are katy perry and snooki . of course , the katy perry costume is just two snooki costumes stuffed down your shirt . 
yesterday , a woman gave birth after running the chicago marathon . immediately after the race , the baby was disqualified for cheating . 
according to a new report , one in ten europeans were conceived in an ikea bed .   isn ' t that amazing , someone who bought furniture at ikea was able to screw something correctly . 
today is national coming out day . so i ' d like to take this opportunity to finally stop hiding the truth and say , " mom and dad—my brother patrick is gay . " 
ten percent of all parents regret the name they gave their baby .   especially those who named it qwikster . 
new reports say that beyoncé is due to give birth in february . or as beyoncé put it , " my new single drops in early 2012 . " 
during a recent interview , herman cain said he wants people to know there is more between his ears than pepperoni and pizza sauce . he then said , " there ' s also a few napkins and some crazy bread . " 
yesterday , former republican presidential candidate tim pawlenty said he regrets quitting the race as early as he did . he said when he runs again in 2016 , his campaign slogan will be , " tim pawlenty : this time i ' ll quit later ! " 
earlier today , sarah palin gave a speech in south korea . just what the koreans needed : two crazy dictators in fashionable ladies ' glasses . 
at a town hall meeting in new hampshire , an 8 year old boy asked mitt romney to explain his views on abortion .   mitt says he didn ' t believe in abortion , except in the cases of rape , incest , and kids who ask really annoying questions . 
last night on " dancing with the stars , " cher started crying uncontrollably when her son chaz came on stage .   cher was overheard saying , " my little girl ' s all grown - up and has a penis . " 
at a california county fair , a 91 - year - old grandmother celebrated her birthday by bungee - jumping . the grandmother said she wasn ' t scared because down at the bottom , ready to break her fall , were her breasts . 
last night , rick perry said that america ' s revolutionary war was fought in the 16th century . when told it was fought in the 18th century , perry apologized and said , " look , i never said i was a geology major . " 
at last night ' s debate , candidates were seated at the table based on how well they ' ve been doing in the polls .   so , jon huntsman was seated next to tim pawlenty at a denny ' s down the street . 
in a new interview , first lady michelle obama said that she sneaks out of the white house " as much as possible . "   after hearing this , bill clinton said , " damn , she found my tunnel ! "   
according to a new survey , ten percent of all parents regret the name they gave their baby .   well , i for one have no regrets about my two little angels , kanye and snooki . 
on monday , brian williams said that if he were to ever leave his wife for a man , that man would be bruce springsteen . which i have to say , is a really weird way to start the nightly news .   
a medical company claims to have created a blood test that can tell you when you will die .   and the worst part is , it tells you in the voice of elmo . 
a christian group is promoting what they say is a " godly alternative to halloween " and they ' re calling it " jesus ween . " meanwhile , the children in this christian group are calling it " bullshit . " 
the fbi has arrested the man who hacked into scarlett johansson ' s phone and published nude photos of her online .     the man faces up to 3 to 5 years in prison , unless he can hack into megan fox ' s phone . 
according to new research , sex can trigger temporary amnesia . when she heard this , paris hilton said , " who am i and how did i get under this guy ? " 
according to the latest polls , herman cain has moved ahead of mitt romney .   political analysts say this is because americans don ' t understand mormonism but they do understand pizza . 
hulk hogan says he no longer supports president obama .   the president is not worried because he still has the support of the iron sheik and triple h .   
yesterday , during a speech in new hampshire , michele bachmann was heckled with profanity . some of the filthy words bachmann had to endure included " homosexuality , " " taxes , " and " science . " 
the man accused of leaking nude photos of scarlett johansson could face up to 121 years in prison .   the man was in court today where he pled , " totally worth it . " 
this morning on the " today " show , jenna bush interviewed ozzy osbourne .   ozzy was so confused and inarticulate , jenna accidentally called him , " dad . " 
the ceo of the company that makes the blackberry has apologized for yesterday ' s outages .   he apologized in an email that ended with , " sent from my iphone . "   
a woman is suing a sex toy company because she got hurt by one of their vibrators . apparently , it didn ' t call her the next day . 
it ' s being reported today that one of the most pirated movies of all time is " the hangover . " it ' s been stolen by over a million people and by whoever wrote " the hangover 2 . " 
yesterday , a 76 - year old new york woman fell down a well and was saved by her 70 - year old neighbor . so , sounds like they ' ve started shooting " sex and the city 3 . " 
over the weekend , someone replaced the videos on sesame street ' s youtube page with hardcore porn . sesame street said the videos were dirty , offensive , and a little too much about sharing . 
telemundo will host its first ever republican presidential debate .   the republican candidates will take questions from telemundo journalists and then have them deported . 
herman cain said it was sign that he should run for president when , after a surgery , his scar was in the shape of the letter " j " —for jesus . when asked for comment , jesus said , " actually , the ‘j ' is for " just stick to making pizza . " 
recently , herman cain got the crowd going when he was introduced as " the hermanator . "   then jon huntsman got the crowd going when he was introduced as " not jon huntsman . "   
it ' s been reported that the occupy wall street movement has raised more than $ 300 , 000 .   which means , technically , now they have to protest themselves . 
occupy wall street has inspired an " i ' m getting arrested " app that can automatically notify legal counsel . so far , the app has been used by forty protesters and two lohans . 
the preacher who falsely predicted the end of the world back in may now says the end of the world will be this friday . his wife is starting to think he just doesn ' t want to clean out the garage . 
at the world scrabble championships , one player accused another player of hiding a tile and demanded he be strip - searched .   it was a historic moment because it was the first time a scrabble champion has seen a naked body . 
at a high school in texas , a male cheerleader was kicked off the team for kissing another boy . the teen explained the kiss to his principal by saying , " i ' m a male cheerleader . "   
over the weekend , the man who designed the facebook " like " button got married . then he spent his wedding night looking for his wife ' s " like " button . 
yesterday in virginia , president obama ' s teleprompter was stolen .   police are on the look - out for a thief who is eloquent and spreading a message of hope . 
yesterday , secretary of state hillary clinton made an unannounced visit to libya .   when told the news , bill clinton said , " there ' s nothing more terrifying than hillary ' s unannounced visits . " 
herman cain said that america should build its own great wall of china . cain says , " it ' s a great idea ‘cause if there ' s one thing you don ' t see in china , it ' s mexicans ! " 
the republican candidates debated in las vegas tonight . michele bachmann said she hadn ' t been to vegas since her husband marcus did a show there with white tigers . 
ford is installing a new feature in their cars which reads text messages out loud to the driver . this amazing new feature is called a " passenger . "   
a taxidermist in england said that for the past 30 years , he ' s only eaten road kill . people are calling it the least popular match . com profile ever . 
yesterday , jersey shore ' s mike " the situation " sorrentino reportedly got kicked out of an apple store . it ' s hard to believe he couldn ' t just blend in at the genius bar . 
in michigan , a man was too drunk to drive so he had his 9 - year - old daughter drive their van for him .   as he was being arrested he told the girl , " i ' m gonna need a lawyer – go get your little brother ! " 
kfc has just introduced the new cheesy bacon bowl , which is filled with mashed potatoes , cheese , gravy , chicken , and bacon . the bowl sells for $ 3 . 99 , contains 700 calories , and is now the republican frontrunner for president . 
during last night ' s republican debate in las vegas there was a big clash between herman cain , mitt romney , and rick perry . observers called it " the least sexy three - way in the history of las vegas . " 
at one point during the debate , mitt romney put his hand on rick perry ' s shoulder and said " i ' m speaking . " later , he put his hand on newt gingrich ' s chest and said , " are those real ? " 
in a new interview , michelle obama said her daughters watch " keeping up with the kardashians " but that the president doesn ' t approve .   obama said , " if i want to see a giant ass who doesn ' t do anything , i ' ll have lunch with joe biden . " 
earlier this week , a protestor at occupy wall street proposed to his girlfriend .   his exact words were , " will you occupy my parent ' s basement with me until i get a job ? " 
yesterday in california , riverside county banned sex - offenders from participating in halloween .   so everyone relax because if there ' s one thing sex offenders are good at , it ' s following the rules . 
there ' s a new smart phone app that can help you determine if someone is cheating on you . the app is called , " craig ' s list . " 
this friday , " the three musketeers " opens .   i ' m not talking about the movie , i ' m talking about the giant candy bar in kirstie alley ' s purse .   
libyan leader moammar gadhafi is dead . even more shocking , he was killed by an escaped tiger from ohio . 
libyan dictator moammar gadhafi has been killed . so between osama bin laden and moammar gadhafi , i ' m starting to think what president obama ' s going to be remembered for isn ' t " health care . " 
abc news reports that gaddafi had a crush on former secretary of state condoleeza rice and even owned a photo album devoted exclusively to her .   rice told him she was flattered but she ' s still trying to work things out with kim jong il .   
last night ' s world series opener was one of the least watched in tv history .   so tonight , to improve ratings , both teams have agreed to play football . 
herman cain said that , of his rivals , he has the greatest admiration for mitt romney and newt gingrich . the former pizza executive said he respects mitt romney as a businessman and newt gingrich as a customer . 
the stolen truck carrying president obama ' s teleprompters has been recovered , but one of the teleprompters is still missing .     meanwhile , joe biden ' s teleprompter has taken its own life . 
this halloween , some parents will be able to use apps to keep track of where their children are .   experts are calling it a huge breakthrough for crappy parents . 
archaeologists have found a 2 , 600 - year - old engraved tablet of a mother giving birth . it shows the mother , the father , and some people wondering who the creepy engraver with the tablet is . 
in pennsylvania , five people were stabbed at a " welcome home from jail " party . so i guess the lesson here is , when a convicted felon ' s coming home from jail , maybe jumping out and yelling surprise isn ' t the best idea . 
a new study claims that women are more likely to have casual sex with a famous person than with a stranger . the study is published in this month ' s edition of " hi , i ' m conan " magazine . 
mcdonald ' s just announced that all its us locations will sell the mcrib sandwich only until november 14th .   so , unfortunately , it looks i ' ll have to cook for thanksgiving after all . 
the new york times reports that moammar gadhafi spent his last days , " hovering between defiance and delusion , surviving on rice and pasta . "   in other words , gaddafi spent his last days as a sophomore in college . 
it ' s been found that a sitcom from the 1980 ' s accurately guessed the year of gaddafi ' s death . so , now the only question is : who tipped off mr . belvedere ? 
on friday , the occupy wall street protesters were joined by 92 - year - old folk legend pete seeger . things got a little awkward when the protesters shouted , " what do we want ? " and pete answered , " to pee very badly . " 
a protester at occupy wall street claims he lost his virginity at the protests . unfortunately , he lost it to a giant papier - mâché banker puppet . 
federal authorities raided a denny ' s restaurant to recover a stolen piece of moon rock . the story was reported in this morning ' s issue of " the new york times on lsd . " 
a bank in washington was robbed by two men in george w . bush masks . luckily , right afterwards , two guys in obama masks came and bailed the bank out . 
president obama was back in los angeles today , where he will appear on " the tonight show with jay leno . "   obama is appearing with jay leno to highlight the one job that was saved during his administration . 
the libyans have buried moammar gadhafi at a secret undisclosed location .   in other words , it ' s going to be the best season of the amazing race yet .   
an australian man was arrested for mooning queen elizabeth ii . when asked for comment , the queen described what she saw as , " rude , inappropriate , and crazy­ - tight . " 
the five staffers who quit michele bachmann ' s campaign said they did so because she treated them as " second - class citizens . " however , bachmann says , " that ' s not true . at no time did i treat them like gays or latinos . " 
herman cain and newt gingrich said that next month they will take part in a series of abraham lincoln - stephen douglas style debates .   actually , the only similarity to the lincoln - douglas debates is that no one will watch them on television . 
the united nations is calling on governments to provide broadband internet to half the world ' s poor by the year 2015 . it ' s a noble project called , " porn without borders . " 
according to a new study , having a medical marijuana facility in the neighborhood does not lead to an increase in crime . that is , unless you consider it a crime to watch 13 straight hours of " saved by the bell . " 
in michigan , an 87 year old man was arrested after police searched his car and found 228 pounds of cocaine . police became suspicious when they pulled him over and he really wouldn ' t stop talking about his grandchildren . 
on last night ' s " dancing with the stars , " chaz bono came in last place . judges said he danced so badly " it was like he had a third leg . " 
chaz bono was voted off " dancing with the stars " and afterwards chaz said he appeared on the program to show america , " a different kind of man . " because if there ' s one thing america ' s never seen before , it ' s a white guy who can ' t dance . 
president obama said the 2012 election is " not going to be as sexy " as the previous election .   that was before herman cain unveiled his new plan , 69 - 9 - 9 . 
in a new interview , rick perry said it was a mistake for him to participate in the presidential debates .   perry said , " i ' m not one of those word talkers . " 
michele bachmann said she wants her three daughters to learn to shoot a gun . mostly so they can put her campaign out of its misery . 
a new study found that smoking marijuana can impair your ability to find your way through a maze .   and by " maze , " i mean " the cookie aisle in the supermarket . " 
yesterday , jessica simpson tweeted a picture of herself sitting on the toilet . the tweet was aimed at critics who say simpson hasn ' t produced anything in months . 
in denver , a seven year old boy tried to join the girl scouts . when asked why , the boy said , " one word : chicks . " 
on yesterday ' s episode of " the view " whoopi goldberg told the audience that she travels with her vibrator . this was in response to barbara walters asking her , " what ' s in the cello case ? " 
one of the most popular costumes this halloween is the " snooki " costume . it ' s easy to make : you just dress up as an orange pumpkin and pass out in a men ' s room . 
the united states has been using twitter to help fight the taliban . the theory is the taliban will surrender if they read enough tweets from kanye west . 
" seinfeld " star jason alexander is in israel as part of an initiative to promote mideast peace . in a related story , " friends " star matt leblanc is in brussels trying to prop up the troubled euro . 
some of the top baby names currently are from literature such as gatsby , atticus and holden .   the least popular literary name is " that pig from charlotte ' s web . " 
earlier this week , justin bieber adopted a dog .   the adorable poodle who was just recently potty trained said he loves having a dog . 
the president of j . crew is reportedly leaving her husband for another woman .   in a related story , this fall , flannel shirts are in . 
the name of nokia ' s new smartphone , " lumia , " is also a spanish word for " prostitute . " which explains why it costs 50 bucks every time you put the lumia on vibrate . 
happy halloween everybody . i see a lot of conan costumes . hey , at least you can take yours off . 
i can ' t tell you how much i miss new york city—i live in la now and it ' s not the same . i actually had to hire someone to tell me to " go f - myself . " thank you , andy . 
tbs went a little crazy advertising my week in new york city—i hope you don ' t mind seeing my face on all the bus stops . i can assure you , the penises weren ' t there when we put them up . 
gay marriage is now legal in new york .   if that had been the case a few years ago , andy and i would never have left . 
republican presidential candidate herman cain is having to respond to claims that he once sexually harassed women .   apparently , a german woman kept telling cain , " nine - nine - nine . " 
i was going to go trick - or - treating last night , but i couldn ' t decide which costume to wear . it was either " harry potter " or " slutty wolf blitzer . " 
the new york city department of health now has issued grades to all of its restaurants based on cleanliness . the grades are a , b , c , and white castle . 
today , nissan unveiled the " new york taxi of the future . " some of its amazing technological advances include heated seats , reduced emissions , and a willingness to go to brooklyn . 
president obama just had a physical exam and his doctor said obama is " physically active , eats a healthy diet , and stays at a healthy weight . " so now i ' m starting to doubt whether obama was born in this country . 
new york means a lot to me— i lost my virginity in new york .   it was during my third year of marriage . 
i just learned you can no longer drive through times square . i ' ve also learned you can longer assume any woman in times square is a prostitute . my apologies to that librarian from akron , ohio . 
the statue of liberty just turned 125 .   when france first gave her to us , mayor bloomberg was only in his second term . 
new jersey governor chris christie wants to extend the 7 train into new jersey . when asked what ' s wrong with the lincoln tunnel , christie said , " you try squeezing through that thing ! " 
the new york mets are planning to move the walls of citi field in order to increase the number of home runs they hit . i ' m sorry , call me old fashioned but isn ' t that what steroids are for ? 
now kim kardashian is saying she regrets that she and basketball star kris humphries rushed into marriage . she said , " it ' s clear to me we should have gone the traditional route and released a sex tape first . " 
a california woman is suing justin bieber because she claims that he is the father of her three - month - old lovechild . people who ' ve seen the baby say he looks exactly like justin , except older . 
the woman who claims justin bieber fathered her lovechild says they had sex in a bathroom .   meanwhile justin is saying he didn ' t know they had sex , he just thought the babysitter gave him a really good bath .   
there ' s going to be a same sex marriage on the show tonight . when i told my parents we were having a gay marriage on the show my dad said , " i knew it ! " 
yesterday , a man from kenya won the new york city marathon . this was a huge upset , because everyone thought a different man from kenya would win the new york city marathon . 
herman cain ' s fourth female accuser held a news conference today where she claimed he offered her a job in exchange for sexual favors . say what you want about the guy—at least he ' s got a plan to put people back to work . 
over the weekend , herman cain told reporters , " when people get on the cain train , they don ' t get off . "   after hearing this , everyone in america sued herman cain for sexual harassment . 
the woman who claims justin bieber fathered her lovechild says they had sex on a " shelf " in a bathroom at the staples center .   after hearing this , every one of the lakers said , " oh , i know that shelf . " 
lady gaga is getting her own tv special called " a very gaga thanksgiving . " in it , lady gaga will sit down to a big thanksgiving feast and offer thanks for " this food we wear . " 
the toronto zoo is planning to split up a pair of gay penguins . they are going to split them up by giving the penguins just one ticket to go see " mamma mia . " 
some high school sex ed classes are now going to include the topic of bestiality .   in fact , one student has already told his teacher , " my dog ate my homework and that ' s not all . " 
tonight is our one year anniversary at tbs . so tonight , we ' re going to do something we ' ve never done before—tonight we ' re going to try . 
mitt romney called the sexual harassment charges against republican frontrunner herman cain " disturbing . " then he said , " and by ‘disturbing , ' i mean ‘awesome . ' "   
according to a new poll , 42% of americans say they are uncomfortable with the idea of having a mormon president . when asked why , the people said , " because we ' re still getting used to having a muslim president . " 
michele bachmann says she would add three more faces to mount rushmore . the three faces are 1 ) ronald reagan , 2 ) calvin coolidge and 3 ) that face her husband marcus makes when he sees her naked .   
it ' s been announced that oprah winfrey is going to receive an honorary oscar . the award is in the category of " oprah winfrey called and decided she wants an oscar . " 
a european airline wants to offer pornography during their flights .   it ' ll be the only airline where you hope the guy behind you is just kicking your seat . 
welcome to the second season of our show . i don ' t want to give anything away , but this is the season where andy gets pregnant . 
two of herman cain ' s accusers may now hold a joint press conference .   after hearing about it , herman cain said , " alright , threesome ! " 
when asked which president he would put on mt . rushmore , herman cain hinted that it would be himself .   i don ' t know about you but i don ' t want to hear the words " herman cain " and " mount " in the same sentence . 
tonight , the republican presidential candidates held a debate in michigan . just what michigan needs , 12 more people looking for a job . 
actually , it was the 9th gop debate , and i think they ' re running out of things to debate . tonight they just argued over who was the best lead singer for van halen . 
mark zuckerberg has announced that facebook is now hiring . hey zuckerberg , good luck finding workers who aren ' t going to screw around all day on facebook . 
yesterday , an asteroid the size of an aircraft carrier just missed the earth .   experts say it was the biggest rock to not have no impact since kim kardashian ' s wedding ring . 
wal - mart announced plans to start selling healthcare in its stores . so now you can get your bucket of cake frosting and your diabetes medicine all in one place . 
last night ' s episode of glee caused some controversy by featuring the show ' s first gay sex scene . glee fans were infuriated by the scene and described it as , " not gay enough . " 
tomorrow is 11 / 11 / 11 .   or as rick perry calls it , " 11 / 11…wait , don ' t tell me , i can get this , i know there ' s a third one…   
during the debate last night , rick perry stumbled badly when he said he wanted to eliminate 3 agencies but couldn ' t name them .   historians say this is rick perry ' s biggest verbal blunder since he said , " i ' ve decided to run for president . " 
talking about his gaffe last night , today rick perry said he was only human and " people make mistakes . " when he heard this , mitt romney said , " you see – that ' s where i have the advantage . " " error , human ! error ! " 
there were other interesting moments in last night ' s republican debate . there was a very awkward moment when herman cain turned to michele bachmann and asked her what she was willing to do to get the job . 
president obama ' s personal assistant , reggie love , has announced he ' ll be leaving the white house . reggie love plans to return to his previous job , hosting a smooth jazz station . 
a new study claims the time lost by waiting for the cable guy costs americans 37 billion dollars a year .   let me just say on behalf of everyone here at tbs , it ' s worth it . 
law & order has released a 104 disc box set of every episode of the show . now fans of the law & order franchise have 2 options : either buy this exclusive 104 disc dvd collection or just turn on your television to any channel and wait 5 minutes . 
a british rugby player said that having a stroke made him gay . i know that sounds crazy , but to be really honest with you , every time i catch a cold , i get a little bi - curious . 
he ' s okay now , but in wisconsin , a man had sex with a woman who claimed to be a werewolf and she stabbed him 300 times .   afterwards , the man said he thought the date went " pretty well . " 
everyone have a nice weekend ? mine was a little frustrating—i spent all weekend on my playstation playing nba lockout . 
the tsa is warning that this holiday season , for the first time , they will open wrapped christmas presents .   when asked why , the tsa said , " we need a break from looking at your junk all day . " 
moammar gadhafi ' s former chef is now claiming that gaddafi slept with four or five women a day . so now herman cain is running for president of libya . 
ron paul ' s campaign is upset because during last week ' s republican presidential debate , he only got to speak for 89 seconds . meanwhile , rick   perry ' s campaign is upset because during last week ' s debate , he got to speak . 
over the weekend in new york , two occupied wall street protesters got married at the protests . the two are registered at bed , bath and , seriously , you need to take a bath . 
starbucks announced plans to open a line of juice bars .   starbucks said they would ' ve done this years ago , but it took them a while to figure out how to burn orange juice . 
here in los angeles , an elementary school is in trouble for letting a porn star come and read a dr . seuss book to the kids . the dr . seuss book she read them was " the cat in the other cat . " 
this is regis philbin ' s last week on the air , and he holds the record for most hours on tv at a total of 17 , 000 hours . a record we ' re gonna break tonight ! 
we ' re losing a lot of talk show hosts . oprah winfrey retired . larry king retired . regis is retiring . gaddafi had a morning show . did you watch " coffee with gaddafi ? " it was terrible . 
police in new york are reporting that any individual who enters with a large backpack may be refused entry to zuccotti park . in a related story , police have just arrested dora the explorer . 
yesterday , herman cain couldn ' t answer a basic question about libya . all cain could say is , " i believe it ' s part of the vulva . " 
facebook was hacked yesterday and flooded with pornographic images . this might explain why i spent the entire evening hitting the " like " button . 
kim kardashian ' s mom kris has revealed she once had an affair .   then someone explained to kim ' s mom the guy that she had the affair with was actually bruce jenner before all that plastic surgery . 
the gay penguins at the toronto zoo who were separated are going to be reunited .   not permanently – just to watch tonight ' s episode of " glee . " 
in new york , hundreds of harry potter fans gathered for the annual quidditch world cup . or , to use its unofficial name , " occupy virginity . " 
here in los angeles , an elementary school is in hot water because they let a porn star read to a group of first and third graders .   and , of course , the people who are angriest about it are the second graders . 
the woman who claimed that justin bieber was the father of her baby has dropped her paternity suit .   in other words , justin had to find out where babies come from for nothing . 
tomorrow , occupy wall street protesters are planning to occupy the subway in new york city . cause if there ' s one place to confront the nation ' s wealthiest 1% , it ' s on the subway . 
regis philbin is retiring this week and today vice president biden stopped by and gave regis a gift of a bag full of tennis balls . hey , do me a favor—when i retire , don ' t tell joe biden . 
the other day , someone shot a bullet at the white house .   the secret service immediately ruled out jon huntsman , because that guy has no shot at the white house . 
former fox news host , glenn beck , is developing an animated tv series with a writer from " the simpsons . " the show is going to be called " apu gets deported . " 
now that negotiations have broken down it looks like the nba season may be canceled .   which explains why today , jack nicholson was spotted courtside at a spelling bee . 
peta is criticizing nintendo ' s new game , super mario 3d land because mario wears fur . yet for some reason , peta is totally cool with mario ' s lifetime abuse of turtles .   
it ' s being reported that the bathrooms at starbucks will now only be for the employees . as a result , today , everyone that ordered a venti coffee at starbucks , asked for an extra cup . 
according to a new survey , paris hilton is more popular than congress .   and , like congress , paris ' maximum capacity is 500 members . 
thanksgiving is just one week away . it ' s hard to believe it ' s been a whole year since i made eye contact with my father . 
the house of representatives has passed a bill that would allow people to carry a concealed weapon from one state to another . in other words , my trip back to boston for thanksgiving just got a lot more interesting . 
you all have a nice thanksgiving ? i went back to boston to visit my family and i can ' t tell you how good it is to be back in a room full of total strangers . 
today is cyber monday , when everyone shops online .   as soon as i woke up this morning , i went to walmart . com and pepper sprayed myself . 
everyone ' s trying to cash in with their own version of black friday—the maker of barbie advertised " pink friday " and t - mobile advertised " magenta saturday . "   least successful was taco bell ' s promotion , " explosive brown sunday . " 
today , a woman came forward to say that she and herman cain had a 13 year long , sexual relationship . cain denied the allegations , saying , " anyone who knows me knows i would never have sex with a woman who wanted it . " 
over the weekend , president obama went shopping and wandered into a bookstore . rick perry said , " when i ' m president that will never happen . " 
the nba lockout is over .   so congratulations , we can all go back to not caring about basketball until the playoffs . 
the catholic church has updated the wording of some of their prayers . one of the more controversial changes is that it now refers to god as " jesus ' baby - daddy . " 
a man from mexico is in trouble for helping build a tunnel from tijuana to san diego with electricity , ventilation and rail cars .   the man is being charged with bringing illegals into the country , and bringing public transit dangerously close to los angeles . 
facebook announced that they are developing a phone . in a related story , myspace announced that they ' re developing a fax machine . 
health officials say that syphilis rates have   dropped in the united states . they attribute the syphilis drop in america to the fact that last season ' s " jersey shore " taped in italy . 
a new study just came out and it disproves the idea that men think of sex every seven seconds—the study says instead men only think of sex once every 50 minutes .   the study was conducted during a taping of " the view . " 
big national story , once again yet another woman has come forward claiming she did not have sex with me . 
after herman cain told his alleged mistress to " prove it , " she produced 61 phone or text messages from cain . after that , cain said , " when i said prove it , i meant , go away quietly . " 
yesterday , herman cain said that he will only drop out of the presidential race when his wife is no longer " behind him . "   cain ' s wife said she is still behind him , because there ' s never any room under him . 
yesterday , newt gingrich said if he becomes president , english will be the official language of the united states . and today , jon huntsman said if he becomes president , he will sh * t his pants . 
in greenwich , connecticut , three wealthy investors , already worth millions , won the $ 254 million powerball jackpot . in a related story , everyone ' s head at occupy wall street just exploded . 
today , conrad murray , michael jackson ' s doctor , was sentenced to serve four years in prison .   the really bad news for murray is they sentenced him to that prison in the philippines where the inmates do the " thriller " dance . 
toyota has unveiled a new state - of - the - art design for a " car of the future . " the car is so advanced , that when it ' s recalled , it can actually drive itself back to the toyota dealership . 
a new photo from one of saturn ' s moons shows it may have all the elements necessary for life . the three elements found were nitrogen , methane , and red bull . 
a vodka company is in a lot of trouble because their billboard features the holiday slogan , " christmas quality , hanukkah pricing . " however , it ' s still less controversial than last year ' s holiday vodka slogan , " tastes like ramadan ! " 
in a new interview , lady gaga says that what she is looking for in a man are a degree from harvard and a huge penis .   lady gaga , as a harvard grad , i have to tell you , it ' s either one or the other . 
herman cain ' s mistress is a woman named ginger white .   when i heard this , i was startled because ginger white is my nickname . 
today , the woman who claims she had a 13 - year affair with herman cain says it was not a " sex for cash " relationship . she described it as more of a " sex for pizza " relationship . 
this morning , all that was left of the occupy los angeles camp site was trash , empty tents , and the smell of urine .   then someone pointed out that wasn ' t occupy los angeles , that was gary busey ' s house . 
the governor of rhode island is being criticized for being too politically correct because he calls the christmas tree at the statehouse a " holiday tree . " meanwhile , hardcore conservatives want to call the tree a " usa jesus stick . " 
congress may allow americans to start selling horse meat for human consumption .   when they heard the news , mcdonald ' s immediately unveiled their new breakfast offering : " the seabiscuit biscuit . " 
the kardashian sisters are among barbara walters 10 most fascinating people of 2011 .   this marks the first time barbara walters has done a sarcastic prime - time special . 
in austria , the world ' s first international sex school opened and it claims it ' s going to teach students to be better lovers . the most popular majors are foreplay and apologizing . 
according to a recent report by the census bureau , more residents are moving away from california than any other state .   as a result , california has just changed its state motto to : " california : we have medical marijuana . " 
in southern california , a tunnel has been discovered containing drugs , electricity , a ventilation system , and railcars .   the tunnel was discovered by paris hilton ' s gynecologist .   
los angeles is being hit by some seriously strong winds .   i ' m just curious , how many people are only here because they were in line for " two and a half men " and then got blown into this studio ? 
los angeles is being hit by strong winds , and a lot of people lost power . of course the good news is that here in l . a . for 17 minutes the kardashians were not on television . 
herman cain said today he would make a decision about his campaign only after talking to his wife " face to face . " meanwhile , cain ' s wife said she plans to talk to her husband , " shotgun to crotch . " 
during a speech , michele bachmann said that she believes gay people can get married , but only to members of the opposite sex . then she turned to her husband and   said , " why are people laughing so hard ? " 
one of the holiday decorations at the white house is a 400 pound gingerbread house . and in front of that , is a 10 pound gingerbread foreclosed sign . 
parents are complaining that more and more kids these days are finding out the truth about santa claus from the internet . so parents , do not let you kids google , " giant men with big packages squeezing into tight places . " 
there ' s a secret app that ' s inside most cell phones that not only tracks your whereabouts , it also records everything you type into your phone . the app is called " angry girlfriend . " 
the man ' s okay now , but in utah , a hunter was shot when his dog stepped on his shotgun . the dog later apologized and said , " sorry , but you did cut off my balls . " 
this weekend , herman cain announced he is dropping out of the race for president . then this morning , in a surprise move , herman cain ' s penis said it ' s still in the race . 
it ' s being reported that in many of his speeches , herman cain plagiarized a pokémon movie . apparently , the most famous line cain stole was , " ask not what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for pikachu ' s ghost carnival . " 
an upcoming republican debate will be moderated by donald trump . it will take place in the " trump forum for the future of democracy & casino . " 
jon huntsman said that he ' s not worried about his campaign , because americans are starting to " take a second look " at him . the reason they ' re taking a second look is because they don ' t know what he ' s still doing here . 
because of new austerity measures in britain , queen elizabeth is taking a pay cut .   she ' s also looking for a roommate on craigslist . 
a ten year old girl saved her mom ' s life by using techniques she learned from watching " grey ' s anatomy . "   apparently , she saved her mom ' s life using cheesy dialogue and a sarah mclachlan song . 
in a new interview , larry king says he wants to be cryogenically frozen when he dies .   when asked why , larry said , " i really miss the ice age . " 
a new website allows parents to rent toys , instead of buying them , for christmas .   the website is perfect for parents who aren ' t sure that they love their child .   
a man trapped in a snowstorm in alaska survived for three days by consuming only frozen cans of beer . rescuers said they finally found the man when they heard him yelling , " party ! " 
it ' s been announced that madonna is going to perform at half time for the next super bowl . so even if the panthers and the jaguars don ' t make it to the super bowl , a cougar will . 
earlier today , lady gaga visited the white house .   there was an awkward moment when michelle obama thanked her for the toaster and lady gaga said , " that ' s my hat . " 
a new study shows that most doctors are afraid to tell parents that their child is overweight . however , they will ask questions like , " how is ‘fatty fatty two by four ' doing in school ? " 
on the campaign trail , an 8 - year - old boy approached michele bachmann and told her that his gay mom doesn ' t need fixing . then he added , " but my straight dad could sure use a drink . " 
the obama administration has announced that it may stop giving foreign aid to countries that discriminate against gays . it ' s particularly bad news for the republic of " no - homo - stan . " 
the fda has approved a new hangover pill .   they also approved a hangover ii pill which is exactly the same as the first one . 
youtube has redone their website to make it much easier to find your favorite channels . now the screen just lets you choose between your choice of " cats , " " getting hit in the nuts , " or " cats getting hit in the nuts . " 
the cdc is considering a ban on organ donations from people who have had more than two sexual partners in a year . the cdc is calling this policy " no guts from sluts . " 
in pennsylvania , a man was arrested for stealing more than $ 1 , 000 worth of male enhancement products .   luckily for him , in prison , he ' s still going to get that huge penis he ' s always wanted . 
17 more shopping days until christmas . so guys , that means 16 more days until we start shopping . 
a michigan elementary school teacher has sparked outrage because she has removed the word " gay " from the song " deck the halls . " not only that , but she won ' t even let the kids sing " here comes santa claus . " 
yesterday , someone hacked into facebook and leaked mark zuckerberg ' s private photos . when zuckerberg found out that someone showed such a blatant disregard for his privacy , he hired them . 
it ' s being reported that , for the 2012 election , republicans are trying hard to woo jewish voters away from president obama . for example , instead of talking about " cutting taxes , " they ' re using the phrase " giving taxes a briss . " 
mitt romney ' s campaign announced that its official song is kid rock ' s " born free . "   it narrowly beat out mitt romney ' s first choice " mr . roboto . " 
during a recent speech , presidential candidate jon huntsman said , " we are in a deep funk as a people . " what ' s even sadder is that he gave the speech at 2 in the morning sitting alone at a booth in applebee ' s . 
a new study found that the number one celebrity americans would like to have a holiday meal with is jennifer aniston . and the celebrity who came in last place : chef boyardee . 
india has suspended its plans to let a wal - mart open in its country . the prime minister ' s exact words were , " india will make your crappy clothes , but we won ' t buy them . " 
in his new book , donald trump claims he deserves credit for helping make lady gaga a star .   trump ' s exact quote was , " it was my idea to go out in public with weird , crazy shit on your head . " 
today , the white house held its annual hanukkah celebration .   it was a traditional jewish ceremony , except for the part where it was hosted by a black man from hawaii . 
today , when president obama was asked to comment on republicans who accuse him of being weak on foreign policy , he suggested they talk to osama bin laden . then he dropped the mic and said " peace out , bitch ! "   
the vatican may allow nuns to use birth control pills for reasons other than birth control . also , priests may now use condoms but only as water balloons . 
an executive from the e ! network has stated that over the next few years , there could be as many as 4 new kardashian spinoff shows . he then added , " unless our demands are met . " 
one of the hottest toys this christmas is " let ' s rock elmo , " an elmo doll that , when you turn it on , acts like a rock star . you can tell when the elmo doll is wearing down because he suddenly takes a job as a judge on " american idol . " 
the arkansas supreme court has ordered a retrial for a man sentenced to death , because one of the jurors was found to have tweeted during the trial . even worse , what he tweeted was , " about to kill some guy . lol ! " 
a group of florida grandmothers posed nude for a calendar to help raise money for charity .   the charity was the " wish we were blind " society .   
at a zoo in china , two gay penguins have been given a baby chick to raise .   unfortunately , it ' s not working out because the gay penguins said , " look , we told you , we ' re not into chicks . " 
everyone ' s ok , but a man ran around a mall in new hampshire smashing things with a hammer . the man is being charged with " feeling like we all do in a mall around christmastime . " 
the other day , a woman was arrested for cooking meth in a wal - mart . incidentally , this makes her the first person to make a decent income working in a wal - mart . 
over the weekend , nba and reality tv star lamar odom was traded to dallas for a first round draft pick .   not only that , his wife khloe kardashian was traded to new jersey for 2 real housewives .   
during the debate the other night , mitt romney challenged rick perry to a 10 , 000 dollar bet and perry said , " i ' m not a betting man . "   perry also said , " i ' m also not a spelling man , a reading man or an adding man . " 
many voters feel mitt romney is out of touch with real americans after he tried to make a bet with rick perry for $ 10 , 000 .   when asked to comment , mitt said , " i ' m sorry , but that ' s all i had in my pocket at the time . " 
it ' s been reported that one of newt gingrich ' s biggest fears is that a nuclear attack will shut off america ' s electricity . apparently , newt ' s afraid that it will happen while his hot pocket is still in " mid - defrost . " 
during saturday ' s debate , michele bachmann kept referring to mitt romney and newt gingrich as " newt romney . " experts say it was the closest she ' s ever come to endorsing gay marriage . 
iran announced that it will not return the american spy drone that it recently captured .   they are also refusing to return the limp bizkit album they borrowed from us ten years ago . 
the fda is recommending that birth control pills be given more appropriate labels . the fda is especially unhappy with the pills that are labeled " unprotected sex skittles . " 
it ' s been reported that a house cat in italy has inherited $ 13 million .   when asked what he ' s going to do with the money , the cat said , " buy back my testicles . " 
according to a new survey , some people are waiting until after christmas to do their holiday shopping . these people are known as " men . " 
a new study says children prefer time with their family to receiving christmas presents . when asked for comment , children all over the world said , " bullshit . " 
yesterday , newt gingrich released a statement promising that he would not cheat on his wife . even better , he said he wouldn ' t cheat on his next wife either . 
lady gaga said that she ' s going to become an ordained minister and officiate weddings . in other words , gay marriage just got a whole lot gayer . 
yesterday , someone threw a pair of shoes at iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad .   iran has captured the shoes and is studying their technology . 
facebook has introduced a new service to help those who express suicidal thoughts on it .   so now if you write , " thinking of jumping off a bridge , " it immediately lists the top 10 bridges in your area . 
the gay penguins from the toronto zoo have permanently broken up after one successfully mated with a female penguin . scientists are calling it an important step for the survival of the species , while the penguin ' s ex - boyfriend is calling it " a phase . " 
a video of a two - year - old rapper has reached almost a million hits on youtube . he ' s the only rapper who , when rapping about his crib , is rapping about his actual crib . 
according to a new survey , 75% of employees would rather get a cash bonus than spend time with coworkers at a holiday party . all i can say to my staff is , i ' ll see you at the holiday party . enjoy the hot pockets . 
last night was a special christmas episode of " glee " that featured chewbacca . which is weird ‘cause i always thought c3p0 was the gay one ? 
there ' s only 10 more shopping days until christmas .   this year , if you want to give a gift that definitely won ' t be returned , try giving a us spy drone . 
a new study shows that alcohol use among teens is down , but marijuana use is up . the president of budweiser said the results were " very alarming " and the ceo of doritos said they were " freaking awesome . " 
in a new interview , former candidate herman cain expressed interest in being offered a cabinet position .   cain said , " i ' d like to be the secretary of interior , because i ' ve already been in the interior of a secretary . "   
yesterday , gary busey withdrew his endorsement of newt gingrich . mr . busey has gone back to his prior position of endorsing a jar of raisins . 
earlier today on the campaign trail , ron paul said that he does not like his milk homogenized .   after hearing this , rick perry said , " i am also not a fan of gay milk . " 
customers are complaining that amazon ' s new kindle fire is too hard to use if you have fat fingers . in response , amazon released a new version for large people called the kindle deepdish . 
it was recently reported that the family who owns wal - mart has more money than the bottom 30% of americans . or as wal - mart refers to the bottom 30% , " our employees . " 
in florida a woman got a new kidney after posting an ad on craigslist . the weird thing is , she was only looking for a used futon . 
a new report shows that in order to pay their way through college , more and more students are turning to the sex industry .   so parents , you should be worried if your kid tells you they were up all night cramming . 
north korean leader kim jong - il died yesterday . they have not named his successor yet , but the rumor is that it ' s going to be ryan seacrest 
yesterday , north korean leader kim jong - il died of a heart attack . no one knows what triggered it , but he apparently he had a lot of money riding on the denver broncos . 
stit ' s being reported that schoolchildren in north korea were taught that kim jong - il did not urinate or defecate . so today , most school children in north korea just assumed that their fearless leader exploded . 
yesterday , tim tebow , the denver broncos quarterback who thanks jesus after all his wins , finally lost .   after the game , tebow dropped to one knee and converted to judaism . 
while campaigning with his wife , marcus bachmann said it was a myth that 10% of the population is gay .   he said , " in my house , it ' s more like 50% . " 
it ' s being reported that the new meth capital of america is missouri . missouri unseated last year ' s meth capital of america , the set of " two and a half men . " 
over the weekend , it was leaked that tiger woods ' s divorce settlement ended up netting his ex - wife almost $ 100 million .   the news was leaked to the new york times , the los angeles times and kobe bryant ' s wife . 
a new survey has found that for the third year in a row , the most annoying word in the english language is " whatever . "   the news was taken especially hard by the top - secret government lab that developed " brosephus . " 
chaz bono and his fiancée have broken up .   when asked about it , chaz said , " that ' s two vaginas i ' ve lost this year . " 
according to a new survey , 50% of people said they would have sex with a co - worker at a holiday party .   the other half are women . 
kim jong - il will probably be replaced by his son kim jong - un—it ' s being reported that he was chosen as the new leader of north korea over his two older brothers .   that ' s right , they completely passed over kim jong tito and kim jong jermaine . 
in a new interview , mitt romney ' s wife says her husband loves caffeine - free diet coke .   or as it ' s known in the mormon community , " the ultimate gateway drug . " 
yesterday , representative barney frank appeared on the floor of congress wearing a t - shirt that showed his nipples . he started his speech with " mr . speaker , my eyes are up here… " 
yesterday there was a big internet rumor that jon bon jovi was dead . that , of course , would have meant that the band would be taken over by his son , kim jong jovi . 
kobe bryant ' s wife stands to make as much as $ 75 million from their divorce .   in other words , kobe ' s wife can now afford lakers ' tickets . 
it ' s being reported that kim kardashian exchanged most of her wedding gifts for rolex watches that she gave to her family . in kim ' s defense , the kardashians will need the watches to figure out when their 15 minutes are up . 
north korea may not have enough money to preserve the body of kim jong - il . unfortunately , this leaves the north koreans with only one alternative : kim jong jerky . want a slim jim , how about a slim kim ? 
today in mexico , the mayan people are celebrating what they say is the countdown to the end of the world . in other words , they think michele bachmann has a real shot . 
in iowa yesterday , a voter approached newt gingrich and called him an " effing asshole . "   then newt turned to an aide and said , " who let my first wife in here ? " 
white castle is considering adding wine to its menu .   so now you ' ll be able to ask the cashier " which wine goes best with these twenty tiny cheeseburgers ? " 
in new york city , a 106 - year - old stockbroker is still at work on wall street .   in fact , for several hours a day , he ' s occupying the men ' s room . 
dunkin ' donuts is opening locations throughout the middle east .   this is good news because it means that one day israelis and palestinians will be too fat to fight with each other . death from america 
in la , authorities caught the arsonist who lit over 50 car fires during the new year ' s weekend . so now , if you want to see a car on fire in la , you ' ll just have to wait until the lakers win another championship . 
today are the republican iowa caucuses . or , as it ' s also known " old white guy mardi gras . " 
political analysts are saying that mitt romney is having trouble generating enthusiasm among iowa voters .   you know you have a problem when people in iowa find you dull . you lack that iowa sizzle . 
yesterday , newt gingrich was asked about the iowa caucus and he said , " i don ' t think i ' m going to win . " which is funny because that ' s how jon huntsman answers the phone . 
presidential candidate rick santorum has said that he thinks states should be able to ban both sodomy and birth control .   which is weird because when you think about it , sodomy is birth control . 
" american idol " judge steven tyler announced he ' s engaged .   apparently tyler got down on one knee and asked his girlfriend to make him " the luckiest old woman in the world . " 
there ' s a plan for the pentagon to cut almost half a trillion dollars from the military .   the pentagon plans to pay for future wars by divorcing kobe bryant . 
lindsay lohan called the police to arrest a trespasser at her home . she said the man was engaged in suspicious activities like keeping his clothes on and paying for things . 
apple ' s " siri " voice system recently told a 12 - year - old boy to " shut the f - - - up . " however , in siri ' s defense , the boy did say , " show me your tits . "   
for most of the night iowa ' s caucus looked like a three - way tie .   which is odd because usually a three - way in iowa involves a farmer , a cow , and an open - minded scarecrow . 
mitt romney won the iowa caucuses by defeating rick santorum by only eight votes .   to give you an idea how close that is , if all of newt gingrich ' s ex - wives voted for santorum he would have won . 
rick santorum has a " google problem " because when you google his last name , you get a description of a dirty sex act .   meanwhile , in an effort to get someone to google him , jon huntsman has changed his name to " jon rusty trombone . " 
in her concession speech , michele bachmann said , " i mean what i say and i say what i mean . "   then she thanked her speechwriter popeye . 
rick perry finished in 5th place with only 10% of the votes .   when asked if he was dropping out , perry said , " quitting is not in my vocabulary and neither be most other words . " 
john mccain has endorsed mitt romney for president . it didn ' t help that mccain began his endorsement by saying , " from the man who brought you sarah palin . " 
here in los angeles , a catholic bishop has resigned after it was discovered that he has two children . the bishop ' s secret was revealed during last year ' s " bring your daughter to work day . " 
according to a new study , most women over the age of 80 have no desire for sex and they are okay with it .   not only that , everyone else is also okay with it . 
some experts are now saying that syphilis was brought back to europe by christopher columbus . which explains the popular children ' s rhyme , " in 14 - hundred and 93 / columbus said / ‘it burns when i pee . ' " 
today president obama announced plans for what he calls a " leaner " military . he also described the new military as a having a " crazy - tight ass . " 
tonight is the premiere of the new season of " jersey shore . " it promises to have all the name calling , sex scandals and backstabbing of the republican primaries . 
presidential candidate rick santorum is under fire for a remark he made in iowa about black people . the remark has sparked outrage among iowa ' s black community , otherwise known as " steve . " 
mitt romney has come under fire for his pledge to eliminate federal funding for pbs . romney said , " when i ' m president , the only rod - operated puppet speaking to american kids will be me . " 
according to a new study , people with liberal arts degrees are experiencing much higher rates of joblessness .   so for all you greek classics majors out there , the sweet ride is finally over . you ' re going to have to fall back on your fine arts minor . 
a chicago man has been arrested for taking off all his clothes in a movie theater showing " chipwrecked . "   it ' s being called the second most offensive thing kids had to see in that theater . 
apple is teaching it ' s voice program siri to speak chinese . the two phrases it will say in chinese are " back to work " and " make more of me ! " " . . and if anyone asks , you ' re over 10 . " 
scientists in germany have been able to create sperm in a lab . this is great news for men with fertility problems , but bad news for the guy who has to clean that lab . 
in a new interview , world renowned physicist , stephen hawking , said that " women are a mystery . " of course , his exact words were , " bitches be crazy ! " 
according to a new study , a poorly chosen baby name can lead to a lifetime of low self - esteem . so i just want to take one second and apologize to my son , conan jr . 
jay - z and beyoncé paid over a million dollars to seal off the hospital ward where beyoncé gave birth . it seems extreme , but it was the only way to keep out uncle kanye . 
jay - z and beyoncé named their baby daughter blue ivy . the couple chose that name because jay - z ' s favorite color is blue and beyoncé is still high from painkillers . 
during the debate on saturday night , jon huntsman spoke chinese . not to be outdone , during the debate , newt gingrich ate chinese . 
the defense department is trying to found out who leaked information to filmmakers making a movie about the killing of osama bin laden . even worse , the name of that movie is " harold & kumar kill osama bin laden . " 
yesterday , denver broncos quarterback tim tebow threw an 80 - yard touchdown pass to beat the pittsburgh steelers . unfortunately , after seeing tebow lose his last three games , jesus put $ 5 , 000 on the steelers . 
the british government has urged its citizens to abstain from alcohol at least two days a week . or , to make it easier to remember , whenever they brush their teeth . 
a drug company has recalled bottles of excedrin and no - doz over concerns they may contain stray pills from other medicines . the bottles will be relabeled and sold under the name " surprise me . " 
in canada , a hockey fan was fined $ 200 for making a racist insult at a black hockey player . or , as he ' s known in canada , the black hockey player . 
chaz bono said he ' s trying to save up for a procedure that will turn his current genitals into something that resembles a penis . i just want to say : chaz , get in line ! 
yesterday , fidel castro declared that a robot would do a better job as president than barack obama .   after hearing this , mitt romney thanked castro for his endorsement . 
mitt romney says his comments about liking to fire people were taken out of context . what he actually said was , " he likes to set poor people on fire . " 
microsoft has received a patent for a gps device that helps drivers avoid bad neighborhoods . the gps will come free to anyone who purchases a 2012 toyota racist . it comes with " white power " steering . 
today , van halen premiered its first new music video with david lee roth in 28 years .   the song is entitled , " mall - walking with the devil . " 
snoop dogg was arrested after drug sniffing dogs smelled marijuana on his tour bus in texas .   there must have been a lot of pot on the bus because the drug sniffing dogs were in maine . 
a prominent gay magazine has named salt lake city , " the gayest city in america . " in fact , as of now , the utah jazz will be known as the utah jazz hands . 
the supreme court is deciding whether television networks have to censor profanity or not . well , all i have to say is , keep us posted , assholes ! 
jay - z has already recorded and released a song about his newborn daughter , blue ivy .   the song is called , " don ' t blame me , your mother named you . " 
at this year ' s consumer electronics show , samsung is unveiling a television that turns on when you say " hi tv . " even more advanced , if you say " i ' m so stoned , " it turns on the cartoon network . 
apple has sent 250 undercover employees to spy on competition at this year ' s consumer electronics show . so be on the lookout for nerds dressed up like other nerds . 
in ron paul ' s speech last night , he described himself to the crowd as " dangerous . " then one of his handlers fed him some warm milk through an eye dropper and he fell asleep in a shoebox . 
last night , kobe bryant scored a season high 48 points .   then today , his ex - wife claimed that 24 of those points are rightfully hers . 
a company wants to help army wives by giving them sex toys that can be controlled by their spouses deployed overseas . working nickname for the device— " the drone bone . " 
axe is releasing a new body spray aimed at women . axe says it ' s perfect for the woman who wants to be turned off by herself . 
a tortoise thought to have gone extinct 150 years ago has reappeared .   even more surprising , his first words upon reappearing were , " where ' s my money , bitch ? " 
yesterday , angelina jolie and brad pitt stopped by the white house . there was an awkward moment when they tried to adopt president obama . 
the other day at a campaign event , mitt romney told the crowd that he is half - mexican .   which means that half of him will not be voting for mitt romney . 
jay - z ' s song , which features his crying newborn daughter , has hit the billboard chart , making her the youngest person to ever appear on the chart . that is , of course , if you don ' t count platinum - selling rapper " dj zygote . " 
since 2010 , homeland security has been monitoring youtube .   which finally explains why # 4 on the fbi ' s most wanted list is " panda on a trampoline . " 
yesterday justin bieber paid a visit to the consumer electronics show . just what the consumer electronics show needed – another virgin . 
home depot just announced plans to hire 70 , 000 new employees . home depot said they are looking for people who are willing to work hard , and never be found by a customer . 
a well - known italian photographer just came out with a calendar of penises .   or as snooki calls it , " a to do list . " on that calendar , february is not the shortest month . 
in a recent interview , kim jong nam , the oldest son of kim jong - il , says his brother kim jong - un is nothing more than a " symbolic figure . "   kim jong - un then told kim jong nam to go " kim jong fuck himself . " 
today is martin luther king jr . day , a day everyone in my studio audience decided to celebrate by seeing the whitest man on television . 
according to a study , the third monday in january is the most depressing day of the year .   especially , if you ' re a broncos fan who supports jon huntsman . 
in his withdrawal speech , jon huntsman called on the other candidates to end " toxic " politics and stop negative attacks . then he said , " especially that fat prick newt gingrich . " 
over the weekend , tim tebow and the denver broncos got pounded 45 - 10 by the new england patriots . a player for the patriots said , " it was an easy win , on every play their quarterback would drop to one knee and talk to some invisible dude . " 
one of the products unveiled at the consumer electronics show is a remote for your television that you control with your mind . when you think " on , " it turns on the tv , and when you stop thinking completely , it turns on " jersey shore . " 
jay - z announced that now that he has a baby daughter he is going to stop using the word " bitch . "   his exact words were , " from this day forward , bitches get my respect . " 
actress sarah michelle gellar said she let her two - year - old daughter pick the outfit she wore at the golden globes . which is why last night sarah michelle gellar wore applesauce and an angry birds backpack . 
in a new interview , madonna accused lady gaga of ripping her off . which is unfair , because we don ' t know yet if lady gaga is going to grow old ungracefully . 
a woman in burbankwas arrested after offering a mcdonald ' s employee sexual favors in exchange for chicken mcnuggets .   now , ladies and gentlemen , in my experience when it comes to sex and chicken , you don ' t want either one to cost only a dollar . 
a california man has been arrested for trying to poison his wife ' s rice krispies . the man ' s being charged with attempted murder , and completely misunderstanding the term " serial killer . " 
because of a protest , starting at midnight , wikipedia will shut down for 24 hours . in fact , it ' s 11 : 05 right now , so you have less than one hour to get most of your facts wrong . 
today is first lady michelle obama ' s 48th birthday . president obama wanted to surprise her , but he couldn ' t find a male stripper willing to jump out of a sensible garden salad . 
at last night ' s republican debate , mitt romney talked about his love of hunting .   in fact , romney said on his last hunting trip , he shot three deer and fired two elk . 
kim jong nam , the brother of new north korean leader kim jong - un , says that as a leader , his younger brother will fail .   when he heard this , kim jong - un was so upset at his older brother , he yelled , " i ' m telling kim jong mom ! " 
a 36 year - old man who has fathered 14 children by donating sperm said that he is still a virgin .   so if he ever meets any of his kids , he ' ll explain sex to them by saying " it ' s something that happens when a man and a cup really love each other . " 
in illinois , it ' s being reported that a woman took her five - year - old son with her on a bank robbery . apparently , she told the teller , " give me all your money , or i ' m leaving my five year old . " 
the other day , a woman from the uk was interviewed about her extremely rare medical condition , two vaginas .   afterwards , the interviewer stuck around to interview her husband , " two penis joe . " 
wikipedia has shut down for a full 24 hours today . so if anyone was trying to look up my bio on wikipedia i ' m 31 , an olympic medalist , and married to scarlett johansson . and , by the way , andy richter played rudy on " the cosby show . " 
with the web shutting down , people are finding substitutes to the most popular sites . wikipedia users are going to google , and creepy guys on craigslist are going to bus station bathrooms . 
today , newt gingrich said almost a third of his income goes to paying taxes .   then gingrich said another third goes to ordering seconds .   
the tsa has admitted that it was wrong to let its screeners strip - search two elderly women last month . however , the screeners won ' t be punished because living with the memory of what they saw is punishment enough . 
in indonesia , to help working mothers , a company is providing breast milk couriers . what happens is the courier takes the milk from the factory where the mother works and delivers it to the factory where the baby works .   
a new study claims that gossip may be good for you because it reduces frustration and anger .   at least that ' s what the cameraman who ' s banging the intern told me .   
star wars director george lucas announced that he ' s retiring . lucas said he wants to relax , travel a little , and spend some time digitally reworking his grandchildren . 
a miami strip club has apologized for using martin luther king jr . ' s image in a flier for the strip club . they ' ve also apologized for their marquee promising " malcolm - x - rated action " 
earlier today , rick perry dropped out of the presidential race .   when asked what went wrong , perry said , " i guess america still isn ' t ready to elect a dumb guy from texas . " 
newt gingrich ' s second wife said he wanted to have an open marriage . i think it might be true , because at the last debate , newt turned down the lights and said , " hey fellas , let ' s just all be president . " 
newt gingrich is being accused of employing subtle racism in many of his campaign speeches .   for instance , yesterday gingrich said that he alone has the ability to defeat president " ba - lack " obama . 
the national enquirer is now reporting that the father of khloe kardashian is o . j . simpson . when reached for comment , o . j . said , " man , i just cannot catch a break . " 
during a search of a guantanamo bay prison cell , guards found a copy of al qaeda magazine .   the lead article was , " 10 ways to tell if your man ' s an infidel . " 
a utah high school has rejected the cougar as a mascot because it might offend older women . so they just decided to stick with their original name " the fighting milfs . " 
a recent study shows that despite 60 years of trying , scientists have not been able to locate a woman ' s g - spot . still , you ' ve got to give them credit for not giving up after 5 minutes . 
today is the first day of the chinese new year so happy new year ! or as they say in china , everybody back to work ! 
today is the chinese new year—it ' s the year of the dragon . that means any baby born in china this year will be making iphones by next november . 
steven tyler has been criticized for his rendition of the national anthem . on a positive note , people who saw the performance have been saying , " you know—nancy reagan looks great for her age . " 
at yesterday ' s playoff game , steven tyler sang the star - spangled banner and he got some of the lyrics wrong . as a result , millions of americans now think our national anthem goes , " flag looks like a lady . " 
today , the stanley cup champion boston bruins visited the white house .   president obama told them he loves hockey as much as any black guy who grew up in indonesia .   
with the florida primary coming up , today mitt romney ' s campaign staff said the gloves are off . or to use romney ' s exact words , " jeeves , be a good chap and remove my opera gloves . " 
tomorrow , mitt romney is going to release his 2010 and 2011 tax returns . not to be outdone , tomorrow newt gingrich is going to release his 1988 , ‘94 and 2005 wedding vows . 
a   woman in england with two vaginas has turned down a $ 1 million offer to star in a pornographic movie . however , she has agreed to be the new spokesman for double mint gum . 
yesterday ,   heidi klum announced she is divorcing seal and it ' s rumored that one reasons why is that seal has a bit of a temper . apparently , he really flies off the handle when you remind him that he ' s seal . 
according to a new study , talking after having sex just as important as sex . which is weird , because in my experience , right after sex i just hang up the phone . 
today , instead of nominating 10 possible films , the academy only nominated 9 .   in other words , chipwrecked got screwed . 
two of the big nominees for best picture are " tree of life " and " the artist . " both were nominated in the category , " best picture that you ' ve heard of but are never going to see . " 
the nominations were announced at 5 : 30 a . m . and meryl streep was nominated for her 17th oscar .   when reached for comment , streep said , " you woke me up for that ? ! " 
mitt romney released his tax records today and they show that he earned more than $ 42 million . so now the other candidates aren ' t running for president , they ' re running to be mitt romney . 
tonight , president obama gave his state of the union and said " the state of the union is strong . " meanwhile , newt gingrich made a speech to his wife and said , " the state of our union is ‘open . ' " 
in last night ' s debate , newt gingrich said voters want a president who ' s " prepared to be controversial . " which explains why newt then turned to the crowd and yelled , " i love nickelback ! " 
in last night ' s presidential debate in florida , the audience was not allowed to applaud . but since it was florida , the audience did yell out " bingo ! " 
google plus has introduced a new policy that allows nicknames . unfortunately , it ' s a nickname they give you based on your search history . my nickname would be " clown torture porn . " 
disney has announced a change of policy that will allow its theme park employees to grow goatees . as a result , the seven dwarves are about to get a new member named , " douchey . " 
here in california , some starbucks have begun selling beer and wine .   when asked why , a spokesperson for starbucks said , " because sober people don ' t buy michael buble cds . " 
the olive garden is undergoing a makeover in order to win back customers .   phase one : change their name to ‘not the olive garden . " 
last night , during his state of the union speech , president obama told a joke that fell completely flat with the audience . mr . president , welcome to my world . 
an analyst said that last night ' s state of the union address was written so that 8th graders could understand it .   which actually explains the part where obama said , " i wasted bin laden , lmao ! "   
in a new interview , newt gingrich said when it comes to sex scandals , he ' s not as bad as bill clinton .   after hearing this , bill clinton said , " you got that right " and high - fived every guy on earth .   
house minority leader nancy pelosi says she has dirt on newt gingrich , but so far she ' s keeping her lips sealed . not because of discretion , because that ' s how the last surgeon left them . 
a new website has been designed to calculate how long it takes mitt romney to earn your salary . so from now on , whenever mitt romney is running late , he can call his wife and say , " i ' ll be there in 5 teachers . " 
a man was arrested for smoking marijuana during a jet blue flight .   flight attendants became suspicious when they noticed a passenger actually enjoying the meal . 
the olive garden announced it is undergoing a makeover to try to increase business .   they ' re so desperate , they ' re even considering serving italian food . 
president obama is traveling the country , and he spent last night in las vegas . this morning , he woke up on his hotel room floor trying to figure out what to do about a tiger , a baby , and 9% unemployment . 
according to new polls , mitt romney does very well with republican voters who make more than $ 200 , 000 .   or as romney calls them , trailer trash . 
in an interview , rapper ice t called secretary of state hillary clinton a " g , " meaning gangster . ice says he likes clinton ' s policy of " broad consensus on international problems… before ho ' s . " 
one of the moms from " toddlers & tiaras " is suing media outlets , claiming they tried to " sexualize " her daughter . the mom said , " they turned an innocent pole dance by a three year old into something dirty . " 
a florida man was recently arrested for taking upskirt shots at wal - mart . it will come to trial as soon as they can find 12 jurors willing to look at upskirt shots of wal - mart shoppers . 
a new study shows that when men perform oral sex on women it can cause them to contract mouth cancer later in life . the study also says that , according to women , most american men have nothing to worry about . 
taco bell has introduced a new breakfast menu . taco bell says it ' s a good idea because " breakfast is the most important bowel - explosion of the day . " 
today president obama answered young peoples ' questions on youtube . as a result , obama ' s latest poll numbers are 55% " lol " and 45% " totally gay . " 
the number one movie this weekend was a thriller about one man ' s fight for survival called " the grey . "   it ' s about newt gingrich and the florida primary . 
today , snoop dogg endorsed ron paul for president . snoop said he likes paul ' s positions on everything from legalizing pot to legalizing pot . 
studies show that republican candidates are buying lots of ad time on the weather channel . in fact , whenever the forecast calls for rain , they pay the weathermen to say , " thanks a lot , obama ! " 
in iowa this weekend , a woman gave birth to a 13 pound baby . apparently , it ' s the heaviest baby born in iowa since the last baby born in iowa . 
members of the tea party in tennessee want to remove all mention of slavery from school textbooks .   instead , they would like textbooks to say that abraham lincoln   " freed the interns . " 
in a recent interview , fran drescher claims that she was once abducted by aliens .   it was a mistake aliens made just once .   
she ' s going to be ok , but a 17 - year - old girl is being treated for malnutrition after eating nothing but chicken mcnuggets for the past 15 years .   doctors are describing her condition as " american . " 
nbc has decided not to air an episode of " fear factor " where contestants had to drink donkey semen . nbc made the decision after they were sued for plagiarism by the cast of " jersey shore . " 
to make himself seem more like a regular guy , yesterday mitt romney went to a mcdonald ' s and ordered burgers and fries . apparently , everything was well—until mitt romney asked if the cashier could " break a million dollar bill . " 
studies are showing that republican candidates are buying a lot of ad time on the weather channel .   you can tell because last night the weathermen blamed a cold front on " immigration and gay marriage . " 
the government may be legally required to release the video of osama bin laden ' s killing . president obama said this would be , " unhelpful , inflammatory , and could you please release it two days before the election ? " 
roger ebert has endorsed ron paul , saying he " is the only one i ' d want to sit next to on a long airplane flight . " so , if that ' s how we ' re choosing a president , i would like to hereby endorse that girl from those t - mobile commercials . 
the associated press reports that china is greatly expanding its state television station .   this is really good news for china ' s # 1 reality show , " toddlers making tiaras . " 
a new report shows that more teenagers are switching to twitter because their parents are on facebook . apparently , no teen wants to go online and catch dad poking mom . 
a 100 - year old woman in the united kingdom has revealed that her secret to staying sharp is playing a nintendo ds . sadly , no one has the heart to tell her , that ' s a garage door opener . 
nbc has decided not to air an episode of " fear factor " in which contestants drank donkey semen .   so this story doesn ' t have a happy ending , unless you ' re the donkey . 
it ' s the first day of black history month . if you ' re watching me right now , it means you ' ve completely missed the point . 
mitt romney is complaining that newt gingrich never called to congratulate him last night for winning the primary .   however , romney said he did get a call from some guy asking for " a mr . heywood jablowme . " 
it ' s being reported that california needs to raise $ 3 billion dollars by march . this according to california state treasurer nicolas cage . 
this month ' s college magazine ranked the top ten colleges for the harry potter sport , quidditch . actually , you can find the top 10 quidditch schools by taking the top 10 party schools ' issue and turning it upside down . 
a lot of people excited because the government may be legally required to release a video of the osama bin laden killing . don ' t get too excited ; for some reason , it costars katherine heigl . 
israeli scientists discovered a method for breeding tomatoes that are red on the inside , but black on the outside .   afterwards , the government of israel said , " well , that wraps up the very last of our problems ! " 
the latest rumor in hollywood is that snooki is pregnant . the biological father has been narrowed down to " anyone with a penis . " 
in an interview yesterday , madonna said she ' s " nervous " about performing at the super bowl . she ' s also not happy that they ' re calling it the " scary cougar half time show . " 
supermodel gisele bundchen wants people to pray for her husband , tom brady , to win the super bowl .   in response , god said , " you know what , i think i ' ve done enough for tom brady . " 
after losing in florida , newt gingrich is now campaigning very hard in las vegas . newt says he loves las vegas because it has two of his favorite things : buffets and wedding chapels . 
rapper k ' naan is upset because mitt romney used his rap song during romney ' s victory speech in florida . k ' naan said , " that ' s the last time i write a song called , ‘me so mormon . ' " 
they have chosen a new voice to play " dora the explorer . " i just want to say , thank you for the opportunity . vamanaos ! we did it , backpack ! 
they ' re coming out with a new , updated version of the ancient sex manual " the kama sutra . " i think they may have made it too modern , because the first position it describes is " the dougie . " 
it ' s being reported that katy perry may be releasing a 3 - d concert movie .   and instead of 3 - d glasses , you ' ll get protective goggles . 
in new york city , a sex toy shop promises to deliver sex toys to your home within an hour . unfortunately , for most men , that ' s 59 minutes too late . 
last night , the new england patriots lost to the new york giants in a heartbreaker .   people from boston haven ' t been this angry and depressed since every other day of their lives . 
madonna ' s half - time show featured roman soldiers , choir singers , a marching band , an acrobatic tightrope walker , and a cleopatra outfit . which explains why today , lady gaga held a press conference and said , " bitch , it is on . " 
today nbc apologized for rapper mia giving the middle finger during the halftime show and nbc called the gesture " obscene " and " inappropriate . " then nbc said ,   " now stay tuned for ‘fear factor ' where a contestant eats a monkey ' s ass . " 
last night , tom brady ' s wife , supermodel gisele bundchen , blamed the patriots super bowl loss on brady ' s receivers .   then today , gisele apologized and said , " i ' m a little cranky because i haven ' t eaten since 1994 . " 
today , a federal court ruled that you cannot ban same sex marriage in california .   in other words , my weekend with andy just got a lot more interesting . 
yesterday , the tightrope walker from madonna ' s half time show said , " my nuts are fine . " what ' s strange is that he said this in response to the question , " what ' s it like to work with madonna ? " 
fast food chain jack - in - the - box has introduced a " bacon milkshake . " this is all part of jack - in - the - box ' s new " die happy meal . " 
iran is banning toys that are based on the simpsons . when asked why , president ahmadinejad said , " iran is more of a ‘family guy ' country . " 
in michigan , a senate candidate is being accused of racism for a new campaign ad where a chinese woman speaks in comically broken english . today the candidate issued an apology , saying , " me love china long time ! " 
scientists have created a bullet that is capable of guiding itself to the target . unfortunately , before the bullet can find the right direction , it has to spend at least a year backpacking around europe . 
marvel comics is updating the fantastic four to give the heroes things like smartphones and ipads . so now when the hulk gets mad , he rips his shirt and shouts , " hulk send angry text ! ! ! " " hulk no lol ! ! ! " " hulk hate tiny buttons ! " 
in an interview , joan rivers said she has had 739 surgical procedures .   in fact , she started out as a man from kenya .   
according to a new report , stds are on the rise among senior citizens . in part that ' s due to a particularly unsafe sex technique they enjoy , called the " crusty eisenhower . " 
daniel radcliffe admitted he ' s had sex with harry potter groupies . his exact quote was , " i put my wand in their chamber of secrets . " 
daniel radcliffe said he had sex with groupies . radcliffe said he looks forward to someday doing it with a woman whose retainer doesn ' t get stuck in his wizard hat . 
since yesterday ' s primaries , rick santorum ' s campaign has received $ 250 , 000 in donations . when mitt romney heard this , he said , " $ 250 , 000 ?   aww , that ' s cute ! " 
a condom company has launched a special line of mitt romney condoms .   the romney condom is perfect for the lover who likes to constantly change his positions . 
a retired general is saying that the navy seal commander who ran the osama bin laden raid should stop talking about it . when asked for comment , the navy seal said , " sir , with all due respect , i ' m trying to get laid here . " 
a mother in china gave birth to a 15 lb . baby . chinese officials say it ' s so big , it can do the work of two babies . 
hackers were able to hack into the president of syria ' s email because his password was " 12345 . " when he found out , the president of syria immediately changed his password to " 678910 . " 
there ' s a new product that lets you consume caffeine by inhaling it . the product brings starbucks one step closer to its ultimate dream : " charging $ 9 for air . " 
fast food chain jack - in - the - box has recently come out with a " bacon milkshake . "   which probably explains jack - in - the - box ' s new slogan , " death to america . "   
some are now saying that madonna ' s halftime show was full of satanic symbolism .   madonna ' s response to the accusation was , " what can i say ? i owe that guy everything . " 
newt gingrich is trying to save his campaign by focusing only on areas where he has the most support .   so he ' s mostly focusing on georgia , tennessee , and the cheesecake factory . 
in his campaign , mitt romney has started talking about his father ' s humble beginnings as a carpenter . he said , " i ' ll never forget the day my dad started building our fourth beach house . " 
hundreds of moms around the world are breastfeeding outside facebook ' s offices to protest the fact that facebook censors any pictures of breastfeeding .   meanwhile , ceo mark zuckerberg is watching with binoculars saying , " my plan worked perfectly . " 
developers are working on an app that will sense when you are depressed and urge you to seek help . the app is called the " inotice you ' re playing a lot of adele . " 
there is a rise in std rates among senior citizens . this is because the only thing senior citizens will wrap in plastic is their furniture . 
this weekend , kfc became the first american fast food restaurant to open in palestine . they tried to open a taco bell , but then decided , they ' ve had enough explosions over there . 
tomorrow is valentine ' s day . i don ' t want to spoil the surprise i have planned for my wife , but it ' s going to end with me saying those special words , " what ? i thought you liked that . " 
white castle is offering candle lit dinner service for valentine ' s day tomorrow . it ' s the perfect way to tell your partner , " i ' m hungry and i don ' t love you that much . " 
it ' s been projected that americans will spend over $ 13 billion this valentine ' s day .   and guys who forget valentine ' s day will spend over $ 100 billion .   
last night , adele won six grammys . the wins made adele so happy , she now has nothing left to sing about . 
katy perry showed up at the grammys last night with blue hair . the hair was so striking , katy had to keep yelling at everyone , " hey—my breasts are down here ! " 
last night nicki minaj showed up at the grammys red carpet with someone dressed as the pope . either that , or the pope has a lot of explaining to do . 
the beach boys reunited at the grammys last night and are headed out on tour . and now when they sing about surfing , they mean surfing the internet for discounted prostate medicine . 
in a new interview , samuel l . jackson said the only reason he only voted for president obama in 2008 is because he ' s black . which explains president obama ' s new 2012 campaign slogan :   " hey , everybody , i ' m still black ! " 
a new report shows that osama bin laden didn ' t want his kids to follow in his footsteps .   which explains why jeremy bin laden is in his third year of dental school . 
in texas this week , a woman walked away from a car crash uninjured because her 38kkk breasts acted as airbags .   the accident was caused when the other driver got distracted by a woman with 38kkk breasts . 
happy valentine ' s day ! is anybody here on date ? because if this is where you took her on valentine ' s day , you ' re not getting any . 
papa john ' s is offering a heart - shaped pizza for valentine ' s day . it ' s for the wife who has everything except a husband who knows what a woman wants for valentine ' s day . 
for valentine ' s day , time warner cable is offering a special channel called " ryan gosling on demand . "   i ' m sorry , time warner , i ' m a guy—so call me when you have " robert pattinson on demand . " 
yesterday , newt gingrich , rick santorum and mitt romney all said that if they were elected president , they would eliminate porn . in a related story , president obama has already been re - elected . " yes we can ! " 
paramount pictures announced that they are going to come out with " transformers 4 . " in the new movie , " transformers 3 " transforms itself into a good movie . 
the son of playboy founder hugh hefner has been arrested on a charge of domestic violence .   when he heard this , hugh hefner said , " son , there ' s a right way and a wrong way to disrespect women . " 
reality star michelle duggar , who has 19 children , now says she ' d like to try and have more kids . coincidentally , while she was giving the interview , three more just fell out of her . they were fully clothed . 
she ' s okay , but while vacationing in south africa , shakira was attacked by a sea lion . this is not surprising to animal experts , since the sea lion ' s natural enemy is an amazing ass . 
president obama is in los angeles today hoping to raise $ 3 million . which may be why i saw him this morning in the audience line for " the price is right . " 
a democratic fundraiser is offering donors a one - on - one dinner with president obama for $ 35 , 800 .   unfortunately , the only person in america who can afford it is mitt romney . 
rick santorum picked up an endorsement from the lead singer of the heavy metal band megadeth .     in other words , santorum is the only candidate who is both pro - life and pro - megadeth .   
yesterday , oklahoma elected their first openly gay state senator . unfortunately , no one knows how to break it to the senator that he ' s in the state of oklahoma , not the musical . 
in a bid to boost profits , tropicana is adding more water to their orange juice . that explains their new motto , " tropicana : we ' re like the bartender at applebee ' s . " 
a new study shows that nearly 50% of all workers think they could do a better job than their boss . the number jumps to 100% if their boss is conan o ' brien . 
on twitter yesterday , grammy winner chris brown told his critics to " eff off . " in other words , i think he ' s ready to be in a relationship again ! 
he ' s recuperating , but in las vegas , a diner suffered a heart attack while eating at a restaurant called the heart attack grill . even worse , it totally ruined the man ' s plans to take his date back to his room at the " chlamydia hilton . " 
the us rate of interracial marriages is at an all - time high . i know from experience because my wife is white and i ' m super white . 
yesterday , newt gingrich ' s campaign bus got a flat tire in the gay section of hollywood . gingrich says he wishes he ' d known this before he went around asking men for a quick " jack and a pump . " 
in the united states , there are nearly 1 . 8 million dead people who are still registered to vote . as a matter of fact , they ' re the group that ' s most passionate about mitt romney . 
an arizona lawmaker wants to make it a crime for teachers to curse in front of their students .   arizona teachers are upset because their favorite part of the day was telling their students " pop quiz , shit heads . " 
happy mardi gras . here ' s the deal tonight : you throw me some beads , and i ' ll promise not to show you my chest . 
it turns out the typical academy member who votes for the oscars is in their mid - 60s . that ' s good news for the movie " extremely loud and incredibly close " because it ' s the only movie they can see and hear . 
newt gingrich called president obama " the most dangerous president in u . s . history . " then he said , " on the dance floor . " 
it ' s being reported that mitt romney ' s campaign is spending cash twice as fast as they ' re earning it .   so hey , it turns out he is just like us . 
a new article claims that if abraham lincoln ran for president today , he could not get elected as a republican .   mainly because if lincoln tried freeing the slaves , other republicans would say " abraham lincoln : bad for small business . " 
political analysts are saying that the key voting bloc this election will be a group of women called " birth control moms . " " birth control moms " are women who use birth control , but apparently not correctly . 
over the last few months , home depot is reporting record profits .   home depot said they ' d like to share the profits with their employees but even they can ' t find them . 
taco bell is about to unveil a new slogan . the new slogan will be , " think outside the bun , and within twenty feet of a toilet . " 
today a los angeles judge told lindsay lohan that she ' s doing great with her probation and will soon be in the clear .   then the judge looked down and said , " hey , who stole my gavel ? " 
after being cut off during her speech at london ' s brit awards , adele gave the finger to the show ' s host .   the host was so bummed out , he went right home and listened to his adele album .   
borat star sasha baron cohen has been banned from the oscars . the producers are worried that if sasha baron cohen shows up , something interesting might happen . 
during a concert at the white house yesterday , president obama got on stage and performed with mick jagger . apparently , obama wanted to prove to republicans that he could work with a rich , old white guy . 
due to a new law requiring adult film stars to wear condoms , the porn industry has started to leave los angeles . you can tell the porn stars are planning to move because they ' ve been posting ads on craigslist for " extremely used futons . " 
today , newt gingrich said that we should use covert operations to assassinate iran ' s nuclear scientists .   gingrich also said the key to covert operations is announcing them on the campaign trail .   
taco bell is coming out with a taco that ' s wrapped in a doritos shell . if that doesn ' t sound appealing to you , you ' re not stoned right now . 
chris brown is now in a twitter feud with a professional wrestler . the wrestler threatened to body slam brown but brown said , " hey , we ' re not even dating . " 
in a recent poll , california was voted the least popular state in the us .   but don ' t worry , we are still the most popular state in mexico . 
in last night ' s republican debate , the candidates were asked to describe themselves in one word .     rick santorum said , " courage , " ron paul said , " consistent , " and newt gingrich said , " bootilicious . " 
two of the biggest topics at last night ' s gop debate were illegal immigration and birth control . i think ron paul got confused , because he said that we should build a fence around women and pull out of mexico . 
according to the latest figures , adele ' s new album is being downloaded an average of every 7 seconds . this is due to the fact that every 7 seconds , someone ' s getting dumped . 
it ' s being reported that a security breach at a popular porn site has revealed users ' email addresses and passwords . i just want to reiterate to my wife that the user " conan @ obrien . com , password ‘ilovetbs ' " —that ' s not me . 
you all see the oscars last night ? did you see angelina jolie stick her leg out ? i haven ' t seen a skinny white leg like that since i looked down in the shower . 
last night , " the artist " won 5 oscars . that works out to one oscar for every person who saw the movie . 
last night , 82 - year - old christopher plummer became the oldest actor ever to win an academy award .   of course , when the show started , he was only 79 . 
last night , the oscar for best foreign film went to a movie from iran . unfortunately , as soon as the oscar statue is sent back to iran , it will be stoned to death for being naked . 
the house in pakistan where osama bin laden was killed has been demolished . but not before each member of seal team six was allowed to bring one date there .   
as of tomorrow , rick santorum will be assigned secret service agents . this is historic—it ' s the first time santorum has agreed to use any kind of protection . 
bill clinton has been named a nominee for this year ' s nobel peace prize .     this will be his first trip to sweden that he can actually tell hillary about . 
a spokesman for ben and jerry ' s has apologized for creating an asian - themed ice cream called " taste the lin - sanity . " unfortunately , he apologized by saying , " me so sorry . " 
paris hilton just released a new single called " drunk text . " some people are saying it ' s just a rip - off of madonna ' s 1980 ' s hit song " booty fax . " 
for his campaign song , mitt romney is using kid rock ' s " born free . "   it ' s much better than romney ' s previous choice , " born free thanks to a generous inheritance . " 
a lot of people are still wondering if jennifer lopez had a " nip slip " during sunday ' s oscars telecast .   the nipple has generated so much excitement it ' s been asked to host next year ' s show . 
the ceo of pizza hut said that when he was in college , he used to bring his dates to pizza hut . when asked where he brought them on the second date he said , " there were no second dates . " 
a major new video game coming out next month is going to let you choose to make your character gay .   so everyone get ready for " call of duty : same sex booty . " 
in louisiana , a male chimpanzee named conan is still getting female chimps pregnant despite the fact that he ' s already had two vasectomies . according to zoo officials , this chimp is so incredibly virile and masculine , they ' ve stopped calling him conan . 
it ' s being reported that snooki is pregnant . when rick santorum heard the news , he immediately came out in favor of birth control . 
seriously , it has been reported that snooki is three months pregnant . doctors say the young life - form swimming in fluids with only minor brain development is going to have a very healthy baby . 
today in a suburb of detroit , mitt romney asked supporters to donate money to his campaign .   of course , then the people pointed out that they live in detroit and he ' s mitt romney .   
in a speech last night , rick santorum tried to repair his image with female voters . although it didn ' t help that the speech started out with , " listen up , bitches… " 
a new report says that an increasing number of medical students are paying off their med school loans with prostitution .   which explains why during my last physical , my doctor was also naked . 
scientists are looking into the world ' s oldest murder case , a man who was murdered 5 , 000 years ago . larry king immediately came forward with an alibi . 
they ' ve begun casting a broadway musical about tupac shakur . no surprises so far : matthew broderick is tupac and nathan lane is biggie smalls . 
tomorrow justin bieber turns 18 . which is a relief for me because starting tomorrow , my justin bieber backpack and matching lunchbox will not seem so creepy . 
justin bieber turned 18 today . you know what that means—he can now be tried as an adult . 
yesterday , the u . s . beat italy in soccer for the first time ever . america hasn ' t embarrassed italy this badly since the first olive garden opened . 
in an interview yesterday , mitt romney said that he has worn a garbage bag as rain gear . romney said it was easy—all he had to do was dump out the 100 bills and throw the bag over his head . 
arnold schwarzenegger and maria shriver are reportedly seeing a couples ' counselor in an attempt to save their marriage . when asked to comment , arnold said " that ' s not what i meant by a ‘threesome . ' " 
a man in albuquerque has registered his dog to vote .   apparently , the dog likes the current administration , but he ' s just not sure he wants another 28 years of obama . 
a professional wrestler is suing his opponent after their match resulted in him losing a testicle .   the wrestler still competes , but under his new name , dwayne " the missing rock " johnson . 
a new study found that government employees are the happiest workers . the study was conducted not at the dmv . 
disneyworld has decided not to open an exhibit on childhood fitness , after people complained it stigmatized obese children .   for the same reason , disney is also getting rid of their 8th dwarf , " diabety . " 
ferrari has unveiled its fastest car ever and it has a 730 horsepower engine . it goes from zero to " forget i have a small penis " in 2 . 3 seconds . 
a new report finds that my show has more hispanic viewers than any other late - night program . in a related story , hola , bienvenidos a todos mis amigos del mundo latino - americano . yo soy un gringo muy blanco . 
today , aol joined a long list of companies that have dropped rush limbaugh .   a spokesperson for aol said , " we would have done it sooner but we are using aol . " 
over the weekend , president obama contacted the student that rush limbaugh called a slut and offered his support . then president clinton phoned her and asked , " is it true ? " 
today , rick santorum took a swipe at mitt romney by saying , " money ' s not going to buy this election . " two hours later , mitt romney bought rick santorum . 
after winning russia ' s presidential election , vladimir putin began to cry during his victory speech . in other words , putin is now the president of both russia and wussystan . 
a couple in england has paid thousands of dollars to get their dog a face - lift .   apparently , the dog was so ugly , other dogs were sniffing his face . 
a couple was arrested for having sex in nebraska ' s history museum .   the couple later apologized and said , " you know how it is , you start learning about nebraska and then one thing leads to another . " 
a man in france is suing google because they posted a google street view picture of him peeing on his front lawn . on the bright side , at least now we know where gerard depardieu lives . 
starting today in l . a . , all porn actors are now required by law to wear condoms during all sex scenes .   and also , for some reason , they have to wear crocs . 
in massachusetts , a former student is suing her college because her roommate was constantly having sex while she was in their dorm room . in my day , we handled this a little differently—we watched . 
today is the multi - state primary known as " super tuesday . " it will be followed tomorrow by , " oh - shit - now - we ' re - really - stuck - with - romney wednesday . " 
newt gingrich said that soon he ' s going to be back on top . after hearing this , his wife said , " please tell me he ' s talking about the campaign . " 
this week in ohio , mitt romney has been trying to present himself as a blue - collar candidate . unfortunately , it doesn ' t help that his opening line is , " hello , my fellow peasants ! " 
in several of the key super tuesday states , a third of the voters still believe that president obama was born in a foreign country . these are the same voters who think super tuesday is superman ' s birthday . 
as of tomorrow , mitt romney , newt gingrich and rick santorum will all get secret service protection . meanwhile , ron paul is going to get a can of mace and a rape whistle . 
snooki ' s boyfriend reportedly proposed to her . apparently , he said , " will you make me the happiest man on earth , or do you still want to go through with this ? " 
tomorrow is international women ' s day . or as rush limbaugh calls it , slutsapalooza . 
today , rush limbaugh said losing his sponsors is like " losing a couple of french fries . "   in other words , rush limbaugh is devastated . 
last night , mitt romney just barely won the republican primary in ohio by 1% .   then romney made the mistake of saying , " ladies and gentlemen , tonight ' s a victory for the 1 percent ! " 
according to exit polls , mitt romney is struggling with voters who describe themselves as " very conservative . " however , mitt is doing great with voters who describe themselves as " totally freaked out by rick santorum . " 
the new ipad apparently only has modest improvements over previous models . which , of course , means i will trample over my own mother to get one . 
in the press conference , apple ' s ceo tim cook said " siri is your best friend . "   unfortunately , siri translated this to say , " sorry i stole your depends . " 
a fashion designer is now saying that the next big thing is pantyhose for men , called " mantyhose . " of course , this is the same guy who , a couple of years ago , tried to sell me a kotex " mampon . " i liked it . 
on this day in 1876 , alexander graham bell patented the telephone .   alexander graham bell said , " someday , my invention will ruin movies for people . " 
in new york , a soccer mom has been charged with running a brothel . police became suspicious when they saw a minivan whose bumper sticker read , " my whore is an honors student at deerfield high . " 
it ' s being reported that dunkin ' donuts restaurants in china are adding " pork donuts " to the menu . for god ' s sake , do the chinese have to beat us at everything ? ! the donut ' s all we have left ! 
a pregnant jessica simpson has posed nude for elle magazine . all i have to say is , dear god , nobody tell elle magazine that snooki is pregnant . 
in a recent interview , snooki said that being pregnant felt like being hung - over . she said , " it ' s a familiar feeling…i ' m nauseous and i can feel somebody i don ' t know inside of me . " 
today is international women ' s day .   in honor of this occasion , ladies , tonight ' s first guest is jon hamm . 
it was reported that in the weeks leading up to his death , osama bin laden had trouble controlling the squabbling among his three wives .   in fact , when seal team 6 kicked down the door , bin laden said , " thank god , you ' re here . " 
according to apple , the new ipad isn ' t called the " ipad 3 " or the " ipad hd " —in fact , it doesn ' t have a name yet . right now , everyone ' s using its nickname , the " ican ' t believe i just paid the full price for the ipad2 . " 
the latest polls show president obama ' s approval ratings among women have risen by 10% . many people believe this increase is due to obama ' s new campaign slogan , " tell me about your day . " 
yesterday , former presidential candidate michele bachmann said that what ' s happening to rush limbaugh is " overkill . " moments later , rush called michele bachmann on the phone and said , " thanks , slut ! " 
this week a chicken mcnugget that resembles president george washington was auctioned on ebay for over $ 8 , 000 . meanwhile , a chicken mcnugget that looks like mitt romney was eaten by newt gingrich . 
in florida this week , 450 women broke the world record for the largest bikini parade .   and at the same time , 50 , 000 men broke the world record for most creeps in one place . 
mtv says snooki ' s pregnancy could mean the end of " jersey shore . "   as a result , the father of her baby is now eligible for the congressional medal of honor . 
saturday was st . patrick ' s day . or as it ' s called in los angeles :   " cinco de mayo for white people . " 
saturday was st . patrick ' s day and sunday was the la marathon . in other words , no irish people ran the la marathon . 
rick santorum has said that , if elected president , he would ban hard - core pornography . which is why mitt romney just changed his slogan to " mitt romney : because santorum would ban hard - core pornography . " 
a new racy photo of a shirtless rick santorum lounging in a pool is circulating on the internet . ironically , the photo has proven to be a very effective form of birth control . 
a group of occupy wall street protesters tried to re - occupy new york ' s zuccotti park . you can tell the movement ' s been hurting for funds because this time they called themselves " occupy wall street brought to you by sony pictures ' 21 jump street . ' " 
a new study shows that 30 million chinese citizens live in caves . a spokesperson for the citizens said , " hey—it beats making ipads . " 
over the weekend , the creator of red bull died at the age of 89 . as per his wishes , his funeral will be an all - nighter—followed by a hellacious midterm . 
hbo has had to cancel its horse racing series " luck " after the deaths of three of the horses . however , hbo executives are eagerly promoting their next big series , " glue . " 
a new report says that , before osama bin laden died , he wanted to change al qaeda ' s name to help its image .   unfortunately , pinkberry was taken . 
in louisiana , rapper lil wayne has been issued a ticket for not cutting the grass outside his house .   after hearing this , lil wayne said , " hey , finally , some street cred . " 
a massachusetts medical clinic is trying to entice men to get a vasectomy by offering a free pizza . the disturbing part is , for both the pizza and the vasectomy , they use the same " rolling - wheel - knife . " 
rush limbaugh has joined twitter . he won ' t be tweeting , he just got hired to replace the twitter fail whale . 
walt disney has announced that they ' ve lost $ 200 million on the movie " john carter . " this doesn ' t bode well for disney ' s upcoming $ 250 million epic , " jimmy carter . " 
yesterday , vice president joe biden said the killing of osama bin laden was the most audacious plan in the last 500 years . biden then unveiled his new line of steak knives and said , " until now ! " 
since saturday , apple has sold 3 million ipads .   so to the chinese workers who made them , " juice boxes all around ! " 
yesterday , the prime minister of ireland made president obama an honorary irishman . as a result , president obama awoke this morning with a hangover and a job at the fire department . 
today is ann and mitt romney ' s 43rd wedding anniversary . this means 43 years ago , mitt proposed to his wife and , due to a weak field of candidates , she said " yes . " 
mitt and ann have been married for 43 years .   when asked what keeps their marriage fresh , ann said , " lucky for me , mitt ' s always changing positions . " 
it ' s being reported that the santorum campaign has raised at least $ 300 , 000 by selling sweater vests . meanwhile , the newt gingrich campaign has made twice that by selling spanx for men . 
rick santorum is rejecting some calls from within his party for him to pull out of the race . which is funny because i thought pulling out was the one thing he did believe in . 
it looks like bronco ' s quarterback tim tebow has been traded to the jets .   when told he was going to be spending the rest of his career in new jersey , tebow said , " there is no god . " 
apple customers are complaining that the new ipad produces an uncomfortably high level of heat . as a result , apple is now putting two in a box and calling it the " apple panini maker . " 
a popular star wars video game has been accused of having a homosexual agenda . this is due to the part where darth vader tells luke , " i am your father – and this is your other father , brad . " 
" the hunger games " made a whopping $ 153 million over the weekend . so to get in on the movie ' s success , before the hour is up , only one of us in this studio will walk out alive . spoiler alert , andy lives . 
" the hunger games " is a movie about attractive teenagers who are forced to fight each other to the death . basically , it ' s everything you were hoping for the first time you watched " saved by the bell . " 
this weekend , " the hunger games " had the third biggest opening in movie history . show business experts predict this will be the biggest opening until snooki goes into labor . 
over the weekend , former vice president dick cheney received a heart transplant . the new heart is working so well , that cheney ' s already gone to whoville and returned all their christmas presents . 
rick santorum said you aren ' t a " real republican " until you ' ve sworn at someone from the new york times . moments later , a panicked mitt romney called the new york times reception desk and said , " heck ! " 
over the weekend , the pope made a visit to mexico .   in fact , it was pretty exciting—he   took first place in the spring break wet " pope hat " contest . 
over the weekend , president obama warned kim jong - un that " bad behavior will not be rewarded . " then , kim jong - un asked , " so how do explain yet another season of jersey shore ? " 
over the weekend , a woman broke into simon cowell ' s home and he found her in his bathroom holding a brick .   simon approached the woman cautiously and told her , " paula , put down the brick . " 
a finalist for miss universe canada was disqualified because she was born male .   judges became suspicious when she listed her talent as " hiding her penis . " 
here in california , a medical marijuana delivery driver told police his pot was stolen by two ninjas . folks , i don ' t have a joke for that story , i just love california . 
newt gingrich ' s campaign is now charging people fifty dollars to pose for a picture with newt . and for 100 dollars , you can get one without newt . 
the supreme court is deciding whether the government can mandate that all americans buy health insurance . when he heard this , rick santorum said " there ' s no way i ' m letting the government make me go on a man - date . " 
the man who hacked into scarlett johansson ' s cell phone and posted nude photos of her has pled guilty . however , the judge has agreed to reduce the man ' s sentence if he solemnly swears to do it again . 
in germany , a court has ruled that german police are allowed to racially profile citizens . but don ' t worry , it ' s germany , so things shouldn ' t get out of hand . 
safety experts now say more and more car crashes are being caused by gps devices . so think twice the next time your gps says , " turn left here—if i can ' t have you , no one can . " 
producers of " jersey shore " are figuring out what to do about the show , now that snooki is pregnant and " the situation " is in rehab .   their first step is changing the title of the show to " what the hell did you think was going to happen ? " 
in minnesota , a high school student has been told that he cannot bring a porn star to his prom . on the bright side , he has been given permission to bring her to career day . 
a light bulb from 1912 has been discovered that still works .   the unused light bulb was found in angelina jolie ' s refrigerator .     
the texas rangers stadium now offers a new two - foot - long hot dog .   the hot dog ' s called " the overcompensator . " 
this week , on a jet blue flight , a pilot had to be restrained after he ran down the aisles yelling " say your prayers . "   in the pilot ' s defense , " say your prayers " is jet blue ' s slogan . 
this morning , the ceo of jet blue went on the " today " show and he tried to explain why their pilot went crazy . apparently , the ceo is blaming it all on jet blue ' s new free snack , " meth - flavored terra blue potato chips . " 
an investment group headed by magic johnson has reached a deal to buy the la dodgers .   magic said he won ' t make any major changes other than the dodgers will now play basketball . 
after twilight fans were called " twi - hards , " hunger games fans have now been dubbed " hunger - lings . " meanwhile , " john carter " fans are being referred to as , " that guy who saw ‘john carter . ' " 
lindsay lohan is going to make a guest appearance on the show " glee . " lohan will play a student that all the other students suspect is a 45 year old narc . 
a recent report finds that pot smokers get into fewer car crashes than drunk people . then again , it ' s easier to see what ' s coming when you ' re driving at 11 miles an hour . 
on the " today " show this morning , charlie sheen said he cringes when he watches footage of his crazy rants from last year .   sheen said he ' s moved on and he ' s now focusing on his new career as a jet blue pilot . 
the co - pilot on the jet blue flight is now saying the pilot was making crazy remarks even while they were still on the ground .   they knew he ' d really lost his mind when he announced , " ladies and gentlemen , we are scheduled for an on - time departure . " 
it ' s been reported that mitt romney and newt gingrich had a secret meeting .   apparently , romney asked gingrich if he ' d consider being his running mate and gingrich asked romney , " are you going to finish those fries ? " 
yesterday , mitt romney told what he thought was a humorous story about how his father closed down a michigan factory .   then romney went on to quote some of his favorite jokes from the movie , " schindler ' s list . " 
yesterday , joe biden flubbed a speech when he accidentally thanked dr . pepper instead of a woman named dr . paper .   then biden apologized and said he meant no disresprite . 
in california , an experimental self–driving car invented by google took a blind man to taco bell . when the man realized where he was , he told the car , " hey , i ' m blind , not high . " 
the olympics has ruled that female beach volleyball players may now wear something that covers them up more than a bikini . the ruling was made after the debut of women ' s volleyball champion " bushy betty . " 
anyone here win the mega millions over the weekend ? just curious—who here regrets telling their boss on friday afternoon to shove it ? 
three people have won the mega millions lottery . you know what that means : three more votes for mitt romney . 
mitt romney ' s staff played an april fool ' s day prank by taking romney to a fake campaign event . and newt gingrich ' s campaign staff played an april fool ' s prank on newt by telling him , " things are looking great—you should stay in the race ! " 
today , newt gingrich said that mitt romney has no principles . in other words , he ' s given romney his official endorsement . 
bill clinton said he would be " happy " if hillary ran for president in 2016 . he also said he ' d be happy if she left the house for a half hour this saturday from 3 : 35 to 4 : 05 . 
a court in egypt is cracking down on all egyptian pornographic websites . the worst offender is egypt ' s topless website , " those - aren ' t - pyramids . com . " 
itunes has pulled a controversial app after people said it was designed for stalkers . the developers say they will resubmit their app under its original name , " facebook . " 
according to a new study , the oceans started warming 135 years ago . yep , it was that long ago that someone first looked at the ocean and said , " hey , i can pee in that thing . " 
oprah winfrey ' s longtime boyfriend stedman graham has written a book about being proud of who you are . not helping is that the cover of the book says " written by ‘oprah winfrey ' s boyfriend . ' " 
in a new interview , the octomom said she ' s received a flood of angry phone calls and death threats . and that ' s just from her uterus . 
wisconsin democrats are accusing mitt romney of handing out free sub sandwiches in exchange for votes .   which explains why today , newt gingrich voted for mitt romney . seven times . 
the miss universe pageant reversed its decision and will now let a transgendered contestant participate . the contestant was so excited to hear this , she could barely hide her erection . 
goldman sachs has sold their shares in the new york paper " village voice " because its back page has ads for prostitution . goldman sachs said the only people that should pay to get screwed are their clients . 
the tony awards announced that neil patrick harris will host for a third time .   so once again , they ' ve snubbed mike ditka . 
the man on the quaker oats logo has gotten a complete makeover including a leaner face , broader shoulders and better hair .   he also has a new life partner , uncle ben . 
a new study claims that 4 out of 10 americans are now obese .   the study was conducted by anyone working at a waterpark .   
scientists now believe that humans discovered fire one million years ago . the evidence was found on larry king ' s first birthday cake . 
despite losing all three primaries yesterday , rick santorum is still refusing to drop out of the race .   although , it shouldn ' t be a surprise that the guy with seven kids isn ' t that good at pulling out . 
yesterday , president obama accused the republicans of " social darwinism , " then today , mitt romney accused president obama of " rhetorical excess . " when asked for comment , former president bush said , " what ? " 
recently at the white house , president obama admitted that he is a trekkie . although trekkies say he doesn ' t qualify because he has a wife and a job . 
this morning , john mccain was asked who mitt romney should consider for vice president and mccain laughed and said " sarah palin . " when no one else laughed , mccain sighed , stared into the distance , and said , " i guess you had to be there . " 
in maryland , the woman who claimed she won the mega millions lottery said she hid the ticket at the mcdonald ' s where she works .   to keep it from ever being found , she hid the ticket inside one of their salads .   
starting today , allegiant airlines is charging $ 35 . 00 extra if you have carry - on bags .   meanwhile jet blue is charging $ 35 . 00 extra if you want a pilot who isn ' t insane . 
in a recent interview , madonna ' s manager said the singer would love to do a concert in iran . see , that ' s how it works , iran—you threaten us with nuclear weapons , we threaten you with madonna . 
nicolas cage recently has paid the irs $ 6million dollars of his $ 14 million tax bill . in the memo line of the check , cage wrote " two ghost riders down , four more to go . " 
in new york , a woman is claiming that ryan gosling saved her from getting hit by a taxi .   then today in new york , thousands of women were injured jumping in front of cabs . 
in ohio , a high school has refused to let a student wear a shirt that says , " jesus is not a homophobe . " but they ' re cool with his baseball cap that says " buddha digs fat chicks . " 
dartmouth college has named their medical school after dr . seuss . because nothing is better than hearing your doctor say , " you don ' t have cancer on your nose , you don ' t have cancer on your toes . " 
tomorrow night is the jewish holiday of passover . or as we call it here in la , cinqo de matzo . 
yesterday , the maryland woman who claims she ' s the mega millions winner held a press conference , where she not only failed to present the winning ticket , but also quickly asked the press to leave . in other words , she ' s full of mega bullshit . 
even though this woman claims she won mega millions , surveillance footage shows the ticket was purchased by a man .   so , either she ' s lying or we ' re all trapped inside the new tyler perry movie . 
it ' s being reported that president obama admitted he ' s a trekkie .   which explains why the president is polling very high with virgins ages 45 to 60 . 
this week , yahoo ! announced the firing of 2 , 000 employees .   in an effort to figure out just what prompted the layoffs , yahoo ! employees spent hours googling the answer . 
scientists have found the remains of a large dinosaur covered in a combination of feathers and fur . the feathered - and - furred dinosaur was found in china , but reportedly had hopes of making it to broadway . 
kanye west has recorded a new song in which he says he ' s fallen in love . kanye must be in love because the song is entitled , " you remind me of me . " 
in a new interview , ann romney says her husband mitt is " mischievous . " for example , she says his favorite prank is to ring someone ' s doorbell , run away , and then buy the house . 
newt gingrich said people walk up to him all the time and beg him to stay in the race .   it ' s a group of people known as " democrats . " 
on sunday , a cruise ship set out from england to exactly replicate the voyage of the titanic . the tickets were most popular with people who have no idea what happened to the titanic .   
a new study finds that homophobia may be linked to a subconscious attraction to your own gender . rick santorum has called the study , " as hard to believe as ryan gosling ' s perfect ass . " 
it ' s being reported that 74 - year - old morgan freeman is planning to marry his 27 - year - old step - granddaughter . the whole story sounds a little creepy—unless you hear it narrated by morgan freeman . 
in kansas , the mega millions winner , who took home $ 157 million , has chosen to remain anonymous . a spokesman for the winner said his client just wants to " blend in with all the other people in kansas who have $ 157 million . " 
the fbi reports that american universities are being infiltrated by foreign spies . they say everyone should be on the lookout for any student who ' s paying attention and taking notes . 
lindsay lohan is denying rumors that she punched a woman in a bar this saturday .   lindsay said , " trust me , when i hit someone , it ' s with my car . " 
according to a new study , 23 - year - old women wear the shortest skirts . the study was conducted by a scientist who ' s had it with trying to cure cancer . 
rick santorum has dropped out of the presidential race . santorum said he didn ' t want to try for a " come from behind win " because it sounded too gay . 
it ' s being reported that herman cain is about to endorse mitt romney . in other words , mitt romney is about to get his first black supporter . 
in financial news , the dow jones is down for the fifth day in a row . when asked for comment , gop frontrunner mitt romney said , " don ' t worry america—all my money ' s in switzerland . " 
today is opening day for the dodgers and it ' s their first home game since magic johnson bought the team .   there was an awkward moment during magic ' s pre - game pep talk when he told the players to get out there and beat the celtics . 
in maryland , 3 teachers have come forward to claim the mega millions lottery and they all said they will remain at their jobs .   they want to keep teaching kids that if you work hard and study , it won ' t mean crap unless you win the lottery . 
the seattle city council has just decided to classify a woman ' s right to breastfeed as a civil right .   also a civil right : " a man ' s right to watch . " 
the fbi claims that american universities are being infiltrated by foreign spies .   in other words , iran may now have the technology to build their own beer bong . 
last night , melissa gilbert suffered a concussion on " dancing with the stars . "   it ' s the first time anyone connected with that show has actually seen stars . 
pizza hut is coming out with a new pizza that comes with a crust stuffed with hot dogs . and earlier today , taco bell surrendered . 
according to a new study , " the hunger games " is now surpassing " twilight " as the primary cultural influence on new baby names . so finally some good news for my two children " crossbow " and " woody harrelson . " 
a day after dropping out of the presidential race , rick santorum is trying to figure out his next move . for now , santorum ' s returned to his previous job :   traveling to small towns across america and forcing them to outlaw dancing . 
when asked about mitt romney ' s vice presidential pick , herman cain suggested that he would bring some excitement to the ticket . then he asked if mitt romney ' s wife is single . 
at a conference yesterday , george w . bush said he wishes people would stop referring to his tax policy as " the bush tax cuts . " he also wishes people would stop referring to his presidency as " the 8 year oopsie . " 
in alabama , a meth lab was found operating inside a wal - mart bathroom . on the bright side , wal - mart is finally selling products that are made in america ! 
according to a new study , it ' s possible for women to experience a second kind of orgasm .   still no word on what the first kind is . 
yesterday , an alabama man was sentenced to three days in jail for wearing saggy pants to his court hearing . of course , in jail they ' re not called saggy pants—they ' re called " a head start . " 
conservatives in arizona are trying to pass a law that says that life begins two weeks before conception .   so apparently , a lot of my dates went much better than i thought . 
burger king announced they are testing a new bacon sundae . burger king also announced it ' s changing its slogan from " have it your way " to " die humans die . " 
yesterday in an interview , president obama once again called kanye west " a jackass . "   in other words , president obama ' s finally found an issue that can bring this country together . 
mitt romney is now promoting a message that his economic policies are better for women . not helping though is mitt romney ' s new slogan : " mitt romney : mo ' money for da bitches . " 
today newt gingrich is blaming the failure of his presidential campaign on fox news . newt ' s also blaming the failure of his diet on cinnabon . 
" harry potter " author j . k . rowling has revealed the title of her first novel for adults . it ' s called " harry potter & the 30 year adjustable rate mortgage . " 
this week marks the 10th anniversary of the fda ' s approval of botox .   to celebrate , people here in hollywood tried to make an expression . 
pizza hut is coming out with a pizza stuffed with hot dogs in the crust and burger king is testing out a bacon sundae . you know things are getting out of hand in this country when mcdonald ' s has become the healthy alternative . 
at a denver airport , a woman was detained after she stripped naked while going through airport security .   the woman is either crazy or from 10 years in the future . 
according to a new study , it ' s possible for women to experience a second kind of orgasm .   after hearing this , women everywhere said , " great , now we have to fake another kind of orgasm . " 
a new report says more men are getting bikini waxes . it ' s a great way to tell the woman in your life , i want to share your pain and , also , i like dudes . 
11 secret service agents are in trouble for reportedly having sex with prostitutes while on a trip to colombia . in their defense , the secret service agents are saying it ' s part of their oath to put themselves " in ho ' s way . "   
11 secret service agents reportedly had sex with prostitutes . people got suspicious when they noticed secret service agents wearing nothing but their sunglasses and ear pieces .   
people are wondering how the secret service agents were discovered . apparently , one prostitute figured out they were secret service when her client pulled out a condom and yelled , " secure the perimeter ! " 
mitt romney has begun the process of choosing a running mate .   romney wants someone with a different ethnicity who appeals to women , so his first choice is president obama . 
today , the 116th boston marathon was won by a woman from kenya and a man from kenya .   it was a very , exciting race—both winners narrowly edged out someone from kenya .   
people are criticizing mel gibson for trying to make a movie about the jewish hero of chanukah . apparently , people really have a problem with gibson ' s title for the film , " the jew who stole christmas . " 
a british historical society declared that britain ' s greatest foe of all time was george washington . coming in second place was adolf hitler and third place went to " madonna ' s accent . " 
brad pitt and angelina jolie announced that they ' re engaged .   apparently , pitt got down on one knee and accidentally knelt on a kid . 
over the weekend , a 3 - d hologram of the late tupac shakur performed at coachella with snoop dogg . snoop dogg praised the advanced technology that made tupac appear by saying , " this is some crazy weed . " 
the hottest new culinary trend in california is red wine laced with marijuana . i don ' t have a joke for this , i just was asked to announce this by the california board of tourism . 
one of the secret service agents is in trouble for bragging to the prostitutes that they were there to protect president obama . so the agent ' s first mistake was thinking that you have to brag to a prostitute . 
president obama has ordered an investigation into the secret service sex scandal . before obama had even finished issuing the order , bill clinton said " i am on it ! " 
mitt romney said he isn ' t too rich to relate to average americans . he said , " just because i own six houses doesn ' t mean i can ' t relate to someone who only owns three . " 
during a campaign event at the st louis zoo , newt gingrich was bitten by a penguin .   apparently , it was feeding time and newt and the penguin were fighting over pieces of squid . 
yesterday , washington dc celebrated emancipation day , the anniversary of president lincoln freeing the slaves . or as the tea party calls it , " the day government intruded on small business owners . " 
a record number of americans now owe so much in back taxes that they are renouncing their u . s . citizenship . these americans have all been offered safe haven in the country of nicolascage - istan . 
in london , there ' s a new service that delivers the morning - after pill to your home by bicycle messenger . and , to make sure you don ' t regret your decision , the pills will be delivered by kids who are obnoxious jerks . 
in japan , a 76 - year - old man has spent the last 20 years living naked on a remote island . now the man is famous for having the least successful match . com profile ever . 
in brazil , an inmate escaped prison by shaving his arms and legs , applying makeup and wearing his wife ' s clothing .   the authorities want him back and his cellmate really wants him back . 
according to sources , the tupac hologram that performed at coachella is set to go on tour . i don ' t know what the big deal is , my hologram has been hosting this show since december . 
president obama has created a new series of ads aimed at latinos . the first one boasts that " just last week , my secret service created jobs for 11 colombian women . " 
the secret service prostitution scandal has gotten worse because apparently , agents were also snorting cocaine . however in the agents ' defense , hotels in columbia offer cocaine in the mini - bar . 
mitt romney said secret service personnel involved in the scandal should be fired for putting " play time " ahead of the nation . i think the real story here is that mitt romney describes prostitutes and cocaine as " play time . " 
conservatives are now criticizing president obama because as a child in indonesia , obama sometimes ate dog meat . but on the plus side , obama is now polling very well among cats . 
the married couple in their 60 ' s who won the mega millions lottery said they giggled about it for hours . and by " giggle , " they mean nervously plotted to murder each other . 
a 13 - year - old boy from china will play in an international pro golf tournament . the boy says he has a unique advantage , since he ' s the one who made the golf ball . 
according to a new study , watching porn may " shut down " part of your brain . specifically the part that tells you , " you ' re at work and you should pull up your pants . " 
three of the secret service agents involved in the sex and cocaine scandal are now leaving the agency .   on the bright side , they ' re going to have one hell of a going away party . 
yesterday , one of the prostitutes involved in the secret service scandal said an agent offered her only $ 30 for an $ 800 sex act . apparently , the secret service ' s " secret " is that they are cheap bastards . 
the supreme court is finally going to hear a case about janet jackson flashing her breast at the 2004 super bowl .   of course , it ' s been 8 years so her breasts no longer hold up in court . 
the jet blue pilot who was arrested after a midair meltdown last month , will plead that he was temporarily insane .   which explains jet blue ' s new slogan , " don ' t worry , our pilots are only temporarily insane . " 
a group of parents is suing apple for deliberately designing apps to be addictive for children . today , a lawyer for apple entered a plea of " duh . " 
time magazine has named its 100 most influential people . actually , it ' s just a list of the 100 people who still subscribe to time magazine . 
japanese researchers have successfully grown hair on a bald mouse .   the researchers are ecstatic , and the mouse is relieved he doesn ' t have to keep wearing that stupid toupee . 
here in los angeles , a maintenance worker has been arrested for placing hidden cameras inside fitting rooms at sears .   the cameras revealed some really embarrassing footage , women in sears clothing .   
yesterday , the world ' s oldest man turned 115 .   when asked what he missed most about his youth , the man said hosting " larry king live . " 
mitt romney is now trying to deflect talk of his wealth by describing his grandfather ' s humble origins .   apparently , mitt ' s grandfather came to this country with nothing but the shirt on his back and the dog on his roof . 
mitt romney has launched a new drive to appeal to hispanic voters . unfortunately his new slogan is , " mitt romney : i probably employ one of your cousins . " 
president obama is proposing to keep student loans cheap , as a way to appeal to college students . if that doesn ' t work , obama is going to switch to his second proposal : " hey everybody , free pizza in my room ! " 
congress is expanding its investigations into the secret service prostitution scandal . congressmen want to know " how could this happen ? " " who is responsible ? " and " do those ladies take discover cards ? "   
yesterday was earth day . and apparently today is " find out yesterday was earth day day . " 
kanye west is dating kim kardashian and recently had dinner with kim ' s whole family . there was an awkward moment when kim ' s parents told kanye they expect him to do the right thing and fake marry their daughter . and get the night on video . 
in austin , texas , at 4 : 20 pm on 4 / 20 , willie nelson unveiled a statue of himself .   apparently , the statue was so lifelike , willie tried to buy weed from it . 
the dog whisperer , cesar millán , is getting a divorce . apparently , his wife caught him whispering in their dog ' s ear , " guess what—you ' re not the only bitch in this house . " 
the olive garden is in trouble for accidentally serving rum to a 10 - year - old boy . his parents suspected something was wrong when the boy yelled out , " this is very good italian food ! " 
for the first time in 40 years , more mexicans are leaving the united states than are coming to it . not because of our economy , but because they ' re sick and tired of explaining that taco bell isn ' t real mexican food . 
megan fox is pregnant . which is weird , because i didn ' t know i could impregnate someone with my thoughts . 
newt gingrich is reportedly struggling with the question of dropping out of the presidential race . gingrich said , " if there ' s one thing my two ex - wives know about me , it ' s that i ' m not a quitter . " 
on the campaign trail , mitt romney said , " i live for laughter . "   then he looked at his poll numbers among women and had a two hour giggle fit . 
pizza hut has introduced a new pizza that contains multiple cheeseburgers stuffed within the crust . it ' s the first pizza that comes with your choice of soda or " an intervention . " 
justin bieber sent out a tweet mocking the woman who falsely claimed he fathered her child with the message " you ' ll never get this . " in response , the woman tweeted , " if you ' re talking about your hairstyle i already have it . " 
when president obama stopped at a diner yesterday in colorado , a young female college student accidentally spilled yogurt on him .   after hearing this , bill clinton said , " of course , yogurt—that ' s what i should have said . " 
yesterday , mitt romney won all five of the primaries .   you see , apparently , when you buy four primaries , you get the fifth for free . 
yesterday , the dalai lama said he loves george w . bush as a person , but not as a president . when asked for comment , george w . bush said , " i love him as a dalai , but not as a llama . " 
burger king announced that all of their chickens and pigs will now be raised cage - free .   in response , chickens and pigs said , " that ' s cool , now let ' s talk about the part where we get turned into sandwiches . " 
in new york , sofia vergara was denied entrance into a nightclub because she didn ' t have id .   actually , she did but she held it up here . 
it ' s now the law in southern california that police must screen all adult films to make sure condoms are being used .   which explains the lapd ' s new motto , " to protect and perv . " 
singer chris brown is selling pit bulls on the web . apparently , he doesn ' t want to live with anything that can fight back . 
the kardashians signed a deal for 3 more seasons of their reality show . when asked what they plan to do for 3 more seasons , the kardashians said , " some lakers , some clippers , and a college soccer team . " 
in a speech today , vice president joe biden said , " i promise you , the president has a big stick . "   in a related story , joe biden is now banned from the congressional gym locker room . 
a new republican attack ad claims that president obama is too focused on being cool .   president obama hasn ' t responded to the ad because he was too busy snowboarding with the boy band " one direction . " 
yesterday , texas governor rick perry endorsed mitt romney for president . perry said he chose romney because out of the one candidate left , he ' s the best . 
a college student has launched a group called " african americans for romney . "   although , after a few days , he was forced to change the name to " that black guy for romney . " 
today is bring your kids to work day . or as it ' s known at the ipad factory in china , " bring your parents to work day . " 
a doctor just announced that he has , at long last , found the female g - spot .   however , as he made the announcement at the press conference , his wife stood behind him shaking her head " no . " 
the census bureau reports that the number of interracial couples has increased over 40% since 2000 . the most common couplings are " black and white , " " white and hispanic , " and " nba player and kardashian . " 
" the avengers " had the biggest opening in movie history , beating the record held by " harry potter . " as a result , filming has begun on the new harry potter movie , " harry potter sits in a theater watching ‘the avengers . ' " 
in a new interview , vice president joe biden said the sitcom " will & grace " made america more comfortable with gay people .   biden also said the sitcom character urkel made america more comfortable with president obama . 
president obama says his campaign for a second term is still about hope and change . the president ' s exact words were , " i hope i won ' t have to change my address . " 
jay - z said that his new daughter blue ivy , will be the " worst , most spoiled kid ever . " when asked for comment , kanye west ' s father said , " bring it . " 
" jeopardy " host alex trebek may be retiring soon . people suspected trebek has become too old for the job when he went around asking , " what is…my name ? " 
france has a new president who lives with a woman that he is not married to .   their relationship is described as " french . " 
a new report says that ikea may have used political prisoners to make some of their furniture . which explains why the instructions for the new ikea futon say , " sure , i ' m being tortured , but at least i don ' t have to put together this futon . " 
in colorado , a first grade boy was charged with sexual harassment after he sang the words to a rap song .   in the boy ' s defense , he does like big butts and he cannot lie . 
the octomom just filmed her first porn movie .   in fact , it had the only opening bigger than the avengers . 
a male massage therapist is claiming that john travolta sexually harassed him . apparently , travolta turned over during the massage , removed his towel , and told the massage therapist to " get shorty . " 
the male masseuse is claiming in court documents that travolta ' s penis is " eight inches in length . " isn ' t that disgusting—it ' s 2012 , and we ' re still not on the metric system . 
rick santorum finally endorsed mitt romney for president at 11 : 00 o ' clock at night . when reached for comment , santorum said , " sometimes , when i can ' t sleep , i try endorsing mitt romney for president . " 
apparently , rick santorum endorsed mitt romney last night very late via email .   this makes santorum the ten millionth guy to be ashamed of what he did late last night on his computer . 
today , president obama ' s reelection campaign is focusing hard on latino voters .   that explains president obama ' s new campaign slogan : " if you squint , i kind of look puerto rican . " 
it just came out that taxpayers paid for president george w . bush ' s phone bill even when he was out of office and the bill was over $ 80 , 000 . apparently , bush called 411 thousands of times to ask if santa was real . 
a new report just came out , it reveals the porn capital of america is now orlando , florida .   so apparently , disneyworld isn ' t the only place in orlando hiring dwarves . 
the octomom has just finished shooting a porn film . when asked why she did it , she said , " hey , what ' s one or two more people inside me ? " 
today president obama came out in favor of same sex - marriage . he said he hoped his support would make it easier for gay people to get married and for john travolta to get a massage .   
yesterday , people in north carolina voted to ban gay marriage and civil unions . so , if you ' re gay and you want to get married in north carolina , you ' ll just have to pretend you ' re cousins . 
both president obama and mitt romney are fighting very hard to win over hispanic voters . obama keeps pointing to his record on immigration , and romney keeps pointing to his front lawn and saying , " nice work , hay - sus ! " 
this week , president obama awarded burt bacharach the gershwin prize .   ladies and gentlemen , if that doesn ' t increase obama ' s street cred , nothing will . 
orlando , florida has been named the porn capitol of america . which explains why disneyworld just opened a new attraction called " mr . toad ' s wild and unprotected ride . " 
hair stylist vidal sassoon died today . he was 84 , so it really wasn ' t sassoon . 
the pentagon refused to provide military hardware to the movie " the avengers " because they found the movie too unrealistic .   the pentagon said , " we can ' t lend them any tanks until they explain why the hulk ' s pants don ' t fall off . " 
at the miami zoo , the orangutans have been given ipads to play with . so far the orangutans have been using them to draw pictures , solve simple puzzles , and fling their poo . 
president obama is in town tonight for a fundraiser at george clooney ' s house where dinner is $ 40 , 000 a plate . when mitt romney heard this , he said , " that ' s ridiculous—you can ' t get a decent meal for $ 40 , 000 . " 
president obama said he came out in favor of gay marriage because his position has evolved and then today , he flew to george clooney ' s house .   so apparently , things are evolving a lot faster than anyone expected . 
the white house admitted that vice president joe biden ' s endorsement of gay marriage forced president obama to come out in favor of it . in a related story , millions of young americans are now trying to get biden hooked on pot . 
mitt romney apologized today after it came out that he bullied fellow students back in high school . apparently , he held a kid down and said over and over again , " your dad only has one house . " 
mitt romney has issued an apology for some of his high school pranks . probably the meanest prank was the time romney bought his high school and fired everyone in it . 
this week , a baby was pulled off a plane by the tsa for being a potential terrorist . the action was slammed by parents ' groups , and applauded by anyone who ' s ever flown with a baby . 
the bestselling s & m novel " 50 shades of grey " has been banned from many libraries in florida . isn ' t that shocking ? they have libraries in florida . 
a town in new jersey is now fining people who are walking and texting . of course here in los angeles we have our own way of handling people who walk while texting : we run them over . 
according to a recent study , redheads have more sex than other people .   apparently , the study was conducted when i was out of the country . 
the new issue of " newsweek " features president obama on the cover with the caption , " the first gay president . "   apparently , the new managing editor of newsweek is a 3rd grade bully . 
earlier today , president obama went on " the view . "   he went on " the view " because they ' re the only group of women the president trusts his secret service agents to be around . 
president obama has said he has jay - z on his ipod . in an effort to keep up , mitt romney said he downloaded nickelback to his zune . 
fox news ' commentator geraldo rivera says he was " manually raped " by a tsa agent .   which explains the tsa ' s new slogan , " hey , we finally did something right ! " 
soon you will all be able to buy shares of facebook .   this is perfect for anyone who ' s ever logged onto facebook , looked at pictures of their friend eating a sandwich and thought , " now there ' s a sound investment . " 
the head of banking giant jp morgan has apologized for losing over 2 billion dollars in a bad trade . this morning he said , " hey , it could have been worse , we could have signed albert pujols . " 
researchers are developing a " stay - sober " pill that will prevent you from getting drunk off of alcohol . it ' s perfect for the drinker who wants all of the calories of alcohol , but none of the fun . 
in new jersey , a blind man has won his legal battle and will be allowed to keep his guns .   unfortunately , he ' s already in trouble for holding up a mailbox . 
a new study suggests that men ' s brains process sexy women in commercials as objects , not as human beings .   whatever , all i know is that thing with big boobs told me to buy yogurt .   
the cover of the latest newsweek features a picture of president obama with the caption " the first gay president . " when he heard this , obama said , " i miss the good old days when they just called me a muslim . " 
a republican official says that mitt romney should pick " an incredibly boring white guy " as his running mate . when he heard , joe biden said , " thanks , i ' ve already got a gig . " 
facebook founder and ceo mark zuckerberg turned 28 this week . he got a watch from his girlfriend , a sweater from his parents and from the rest of us , all of our credit card numbers . 
an idaho man says that he was bitten by a rattlesnake at wal - mart . the man grew concerned when he saw something at wal - mart that was fast - moving and skinny . 
the dalai lama is saying that china trained a woman to assassinate him by putting poison in her hair .   luckily , the dalai lama had just recently stopped eating hair . 
it ' s being reported that snooki is considering filming her childbirth . of course , the hard part will be getting the camera into the tanning bed . 
a janitor has graduated from columbia university with honors as a classics major .   with his new degree in classics , he ' s now qualified to become a janitor . 
there is a new book coming out about helen keller ' s secret love life . the book is called , " why do you keep asking me to hold this hot dog ? " 
california gov . jerry brown said that the state is now $ 16 billion in debt . he said it in a speech called , " seriously , let ' s legalize pot . "   
in a new ad , president obama calls mitt romney ' s former firm , bain capital , a " vampire . "   as a result , teenage girls are demanding a movie about bain capital . 
for the first time ever , the new jc penney catalogue features a gay couple .   this is historic because it ' s the first time anyone gay has been spotted wearing clothes from jc penney . 
the ceo of best buy has lost his job because of a sex scandal . apparently , the best buy ceo was caught asking a customer to " extend his service package . " 
rihanna has unfollowed chris brown on twitter .   apparently , she suddenly realized he was that chris brown . 
in a new interview , the dalai lama said his biggest fear is getting eaten by sharks . the dalai lama said his second biggest fear is getting stuck talking to richard gere . 
at the miami zoo , the orangutans have been given ipads to play with . when the children in china who make the ipads heard the news , they said , " this is bullshit . " 
according to a recent survey , 14% of people said they think that sex lasts too long . those people are called , " inmates . " 
today , the price of facebook shares fell even lower . in fact , at one point this afternoon , mark zuckerberg went from being a billionaire to being " still a billionaire . " 
at their wedding , mark zuckerberg ' s wife wore a dress that cost nearly $ 5 , 000 .     that is until the dress went public—now it ' s worth $ 2 , 000 . 
only 1 month after the secret service prostitute scandal in colombia , 3 dea agents are also being accused of hiring hookers in colombia . so today the obama campaign released an ad calling the president " # 1 in job creation… in colombia . " 
in mexico , a female politician is running campaign ads that feature her topless . i just want to say , if this is the way things are headed , i ' m really happy that newt gingrich is out of the race . 
a new report suggests that christopher columbus may have secretly been jewish . what tipped them off was columbus ' diary entry , where he described his journey to america as a real " schlepp . " 
bagged salads across the country have been recalled due to contamination fears .   luckily , this is america so none of the salads were touched . 
an ultimate fighting champion has been banned after testing positive for marijuana . people thought he might be stoned when he entered the ring and said , " what are we fighting for , ultimately ? " 
khloe kardashian is refusing to take a paternity test to determine if she ' s actually a kardashian . she said , " i think my record of fame without talent speaks for itself . " 
the inventor of the tv remote control has passed away . as per his wishes , he will be buried between two couch cushions . 
this week , the nato summit was in chicago , and there were riots in the streets . chicago police were forced to disperse the crowd with healthy food . salad shooter 
over the weekend , the first - ever transgender beauty pageant contestant lost the miss universe pageant . she said , " i can ' t believe after all those operations , i still got the shaft . " 
a new report suggests that christopher columbus may have secretly been jewish . it also suggests that his three ships were actually named the nina , the pinta , and the seinfeld . 
next month , a new biography is coming out about the life of 300 lb . new jersey governor chris christie . the biography ' s called " are you going to finish that ? " 
a penthouse in new york city has gone on sale for $ 90 million . it comes with four bedrooms , three bathrooms and 80 million dollars . 
the creators of " angry birds " will soon release a line of luxury jewelry based on the characters in the game .   after all , what woman doesn ' t want to be told " honey , i saw this string of dirty pigs and thought of you . " 
in michigan , an arby ' s served a customer a sandwich with a piece of human finger inside . the manager apologized and gave the customer some free hair in his shake . 
dc comics is reporting that one of their main characters will come out soon as gay . not only that , but the justice league will be comprised of a cop , a construction worker , and an indian chief . 
a new survey finds that sex is better when you ' re on vacation . at least that ' s what my wife emailed me from the bahamas . 
it was reported that u2 singer bono may have made over a billion dollars from facebook going public . a spokesman for u2 said the band is still going to tour , but only because the drummer invested heavily in myspace . 
the movie " battleship , " based on the board game " battleship , " had a tough first week at the box office .   it went so poorly , the studio has already suspended production on their new movie , " yahtzee : the reckoning . " 
al gore has a new girlfriend who is very devoted to environmental issues .   gore says his girlfriend ' s been fighting deforestation by creating new wood . 
a new study shows that current members of congress speak at a tenth grade level . when reached for comment , house majority leader eric cantor said , " nuh - uh ! " 
a new report claims that " good cholesterol " may not be as beneficial as previously thought . this is bad news for dominos ' new " good cholesterol stuffed pizza . " 
the miss universe pageant was last weekend , and the transgender miss canada did not win . apparently , judges were not impressed by her talent , " having an adam ' s apple . " 
a new smart phone app has been designed to let people know when they are too drunk to drive . here ' s how it works : your phone calls a cab as soon as you tell it , " i love you , man . " 
dc comics is reporting that one of their prominent characters will soon come out as gay . and if that goes well , they ' re going to change the characters the watchmen to " the guys who really love to watch men . "   
on friday , mitt romney disclosed his earnings and he ' s worth between $ 190 and $ 250 million .   romney says there ' s a $ 60 million discrepancy because there ' s still one pair of jeans where he hasn ' t checked the pockets . 
some conservatives are urging mitt romney to choose a latino running mate .   romney said he ' s torn between his gardener and his other gardener .   
president obama wrote a note for a 5th grader who skipped school so that he could hear him give a speech . at first the boy ' s teacher was suspicious because the note was signed , " billy ' s president . " 
donald trump said that he is not racist because he hired arsenio hall as his " celebrity apprentice . " because nothing proves you ' re not racist like hiring a black man to work for you for free . 
guards at guantanamo bay tried to coerce inmates into giving information by playing them songs from sesame street .   it worked—one prisoner broke down and confessed , " rubber ducky—he ' s the one ! " 
new research shows that elderly people emit a distinct odor . the study was conducted by two guys stuck in an elevator with larry king . 
dc comics has revealed that the green lantern is gay . of course , it ' s not a huge surprise considering he ' s the only superhero who gets his powers from his emerald jewelry . 
officials in the city of la have said if the la kings win the stanley cup , there are currently no plans for a public celebration .   not to worry though , lakers fans have offered to riot on their behalf . 
last night in la , kings fans taunted new jersey devils fans with giant cardboard cutouts of jersey shore characters . sadly , then new jersey tried to taunt la fans with cardboard cutouts of constant sunshine and legal marijuana . 
yesterday , bill clinton told a crowd , " remember me ? i ' m the guy who gave you four surplus budgets . " to which the crowd replied , " that ' s not what we remember you for . " 
facebook may change its accounts policy and allow kids under 13 to join . when they heard this , chinese officials said , " great – now our workers will never get anything done . " 
mel gibson ' s father has filed for divorce . i hope his parents make it clear to mel , it ' s not his fault—it ' s the jews . 
according to a new survey , women who have breast augmentation have better sex .   the study was conducted by men who answer their wives ' surveys . 
this week , the vatican denounced a nun who declared her support for masturbation .   the vatican has ordered the nun into seclusion , which sounds pretty good to her .   
tonight , the la kings could win the stanley cup . people here in los angeles haven ' t been this excited since they watched their first hockey game on monday . 
there ' s a rumor that president obama is going to stop by tonight ' s la kings hockey game .   the president doesn ' t want to draw attention to himself , he just wants to blend in with all the other black hawaiian hockey fans . 
someone hacked into mitt romney ' s email account after correctly guessing the answer to his security question .   apparently , the question was " who was your first grade teacher ? " and romney responded , " who cares , i ' ve got 200 million dollars . " 
it ' s was revealed that mitt romney ' s email address is mittromney @ hotmail . com .   in other words , the guy who ' s trying so hard to prove he ' s in touch is still using hotmail . 
today , the olympic torch entered ireland . the torch was only in ireland for three hours , but somehow it managed to punch a cop and get two girls pregnant . 
some experts are saying the " morning - after " pill has become so politically divisive , it should be given a different name . right now the name conservatives are pushing is , " flintstone chewables for sluts . " 
dc comics has announced that the green lantern is their first major superhero who ' s gay . when reached for comment , aquaman said , " yeah , maybe on land , bitch . " 
dc comics has announced that the green lantern is gay . not to be outdone , marvel comics has started having the incredible hulk smash through walls using " jazz hands . " 
the octomom ' s appearance at a strip club has been canceled .   apparently , they realized those weren ' t tassels spinning on her nipples , those were babies . 
taco bell is launching a new upscale menu at all of their locations . which is good news for anyone who ' s ever wanted to experience classy diarrhea 
this week in london , queen elizabeth wore earplugs at the concert honoring her 60th year on the throne . the earplugs weren ' t for the loud music , but because prince charles kept screaming , " die already ! " 
vice president joe biden ' s wife jill biden has written a children ' s book . it ' s called " green eggs and help , my husband won ' t stop talking . " 
it ' s been reported that facebook pays their interns $ 74 , 000 a year . in a related story , our interns get paid in warm orange shasta .   
this week , glenn beck mocked vogue editor - in - chief anna wintour for her aristocratic accent and for being the " devil . " the comment sent shockwaves throughout the entire town of whocaresville , usa . 
a new study claims that coffee drinkers live longer than people who don ' t drink coffee .   of course , coffee drinkers waste all of those extra years waiting in line at starbucks . 
comedian bill maher has purchased a minority share of the new york mets .   maher says he ' s changing the team name from the mets to the smirking atheists . 
after only 10 weeks on the market , taco bell has sold 100 million doritos locos tacos . today , the ceo of taco bell said he is " pleased , " while the ceo of charmin toilet paper said he is " ecstatic . " 
last weekend was " ribfest " and this week is " bike to work " week . which means next week is " i just broke my bike with my fat ass " week . 
illinois state rep . derrick smith has been accused of accepting a $ 7 , 000 bribe . if he ' s found guilty , he could serve up to 4 years as the state ' s governor . 
it ' s being reported that kanye west is getting ready to propose to kim kardashian . today kanye said , " i can ' t wait to marry kim and get started making the worst family on earth . " 
british prime minister , david cameron , has admitted he accidentally left his 8 year old daughter in a pub .   cameron was immediately named an honorary citizen of chicago . 
i ' m having a hard time calling the sears tower " willis tower " —it just feels wrong . it ' s like calling the olive garden an " italian restaurant . " 
the world ' s largest and best preserved tyrannosaurus   rex   currently resides at chicago ' s field museum . the t rex is so old it was found wearing a cubs world series ring . 
two great things happened for los angeles last night . first , the la kings won their first - ever stanley cup . second , la discovered they have a hockey team . 
a new book reveals that chicago mayor rahm emanuel had a key role in the killing of osama bin laden . in other words , if i were you , i ' d pay that parking ticket . 
the chicago city council voted to allow produce sellers to set up fruit and vegetable stands all over the city . the city council called the pro - vegetable law a " victory , " while everyone else in chicago called it an " unprecedented attack on our lifestyle . " 
president obama is coming to chicago this weekend . obama is introducing his new economic plan as part of the " just for laughs " festival . 
on their first date , president obama reportedly took his wife michelle to the art institute of chicago . meanwhile , on their first date , mitt romney bought his wife the art institute of chicago . 
yesterday , the chicago cubs fired their hitting coach . isn ' t that incredible ? the cubs had a hitting coach . 
this week , oprah winfrey will interview 8 members of the kardashian family . it ' s in an episode of oprah winfrey ' s show entitled , " i can ' t believe it ' s come to this . " 
nude photos of snooki have surfaced online . it ' s either that , or pictures of a bright orange basketball being inflated . 
yesterday , burglars broke into kanye west ' s home . as a result , 500 marble statues of kanye west are missing . they ' re nudes , all of them . 
a chicago woman is planning to sue the police , after she was tasered despite being pregnant . the woman is suing on behalf of her newborn baby boy , " zeus , god of lightning . " 
showtime announced it ' s canceling the marijuana - themed show . fans of " weeds " were so upset they almost did something . 
the city with the highest per capita consumption of twinkies is none other than , you guessed it , chicago . the study appeared in the latest issue of " no shit , sherlock magazine . " 
yesterday during a mitt romney speech in ohio , protesters kept shouting , " romney go home . "   luckily for romney , he owned three homes nearby . 
president obama issued an order that allows some illegal immigrants to stay in the country .   or as foxnews reported it , " obama issues order allowing himself to stay in the country . " 
in utah , for the first time ever , a black female mormon republican is running for congress .   according to recent polls , she has a slight lead over her opponent , a gay muslim unicorn . name ' s rainbow sprinkle . 
new jersey governor chris christie says that his blood pressure , cholesterol , and asthma are under control . he said , " i ' m as healthy as every other 600 pound man from new jersey . " 
microsoft made a big announcement today , when they unveiled their version of the ipad . the actual announcement was , " you ' re probably not going to buy this . " 
the nobel prize committee is going to drastically reduce the money awarded to the winners .   after hearing the news , the dalai lama said , " this is bullshit . " 
on the set of her new movie , lindsay lohan has been treated for exhaustion .   also being treated for exhaustion , the guy who does the body work on lohan ' s car . 
a new brand of frozen burrito is being marketed as a snack for people high on marijuana . the marketing consists of just labeling it " a burrito . " 
the theory behind the freudian slip has been scientifically proven after 111 years . i don ' t know about you , but i think that ' s the breasts news i ' ve heard all week . 
in an interview with oprah winfrey , kim kardashian revealed that she lost her virginity when she was 14 years old . kim said , " i ' m soooo glad i waited . " 
there ' s talk that the supreme court may issue their decision on health care reform on live television . to boost ratings , each judge will give their decision after spinning around in their chair to face the camera . 
president obama has issued an order allowing some illegal immigrants to stay in the u . s .   mitt romney says he ' s fine with this plan , at least until his landscaping is finished . 
several male politicians have banned a female politician from speaking on the house floor because she used the word " vagina . " it ' s not that they don ' t want her to say it—it ' s that they want her to say it slower while unbuttoning her blouse .   
yesterday , microsoft unveiled a new tablet called surface . microsoft says it chose the name " surface " because it ' s a great place to put your ipad . 
in an interview with oprah winfrey , kim kardashian said she fell into a " deep depression " because of her divorce .   then , oprah winfrey said she fell into a deep depression because she was interviewing kim kardashian . 
adidas is discontinuing a pair of sneakers that critics are calling " racist . "   so today may be your last chance to buy a pair of " air mel gibsons . " 
researchers have found that several baby shampoos can cause newborns to test positive for marijuana . so moms , think twice before you wash your baby ' s hair with pantene ' s " green apple ganja stank . " 
a belgian man has built an exact replica of luke skywalker ' s childhood home .   when asked what his wife thinks , the man said , " wife , that ' s a good one . 
at a hospital in england , a girl finally came out of her coma after adele ' s " rolling in the deep " came on the radio . witnesses say she opened her eyes and said , " i ' m so sick of that song . " 
the obama campaign has unveiled a new ad designed to target hispanics . it ' s basically the president saying , " yo soy el hombre who killed osama bin laden . " 
on the premiere of her new reality show , bristol palin confronted a man in a bar and demanded to know why he hates her mother . in response , john mccain said , " leave me alone , i ' m having a drink . " 
it ' s being reported that the united states military has created tiny drones the size and shape of insects .   these tiny drones don ' t kill anybody , but they can totally ruin al qaeda ' s annual summer picnic . 
next week , hillary clinton will travel to her 100th country .   and in each country , upon landing , her first question is , " have you seen my husband ? " 
yesterday , it was reported that the us navy recovered 19 tons of marijuana that had been dumped in to the ocean .   then , two hours later , the united states navy invaded taco bell . 
olympic officials are considering banning women athletes who are considered too masculine .   they decided this after a relay race when one of the female runners reached back and grabbed what she thought was a baton . 
incredible heat wave on the east coast . people are so desperate for air conditioning that someone was actually spotted going into a theatre to see " rock of ages . " 
mitt romney has accused president obama of pandering to the latino community .   the white house said the president is unable to comment because he ' s busy watching telemundo and eating chalupas . 
today , mitt romney tried to win over a skeptical hispanic audience in florida . unfortunately , romney set the wrong tone when he came out and tossed the crowd his car keys . 
it ' s being reported that stories on the internet about mitt romney do not get a lot of web traffic . so today , romney solved the problem by legally changing his name to milf romney . 
the supreme court has decided not to fine broadcast networks for " fleeting expletives " or momentary nudity .   so looks like " wheel of fortune " is about to get a lot more interesting . 
today , the supreme court ruled that tv networks can show momentary nudity . so , by popular demand , " the view " is now a radio show .   
it ' s being reported that kim kardashian ' s mother was the one who ordered her to make the sex tape that made her famous . she said if kim didn ' t do it , she was going to get a spanking , and if she did do it , she was going to get a spanking . 
the octomom has been hired as a spokesperson for a service that lends money . they chose the octomom because their slogan is , " there ' s no hole too deep to climb out of . " 
in a new campaign ad , the obamas say that , on their first date , they saw spike lee ' s " do the right thing . " meanwhile , on mitt and ann romney ' s first date , they saw a guy who looked like spike lee and immediately called the police . 
president obama called mitt romney a " pioneer " of outsourcing jobs . a spokesman for romney said , " i dare him to come here to india and say that to my face . " 
the supreme court has affirmed that corporations can spend as much money on political campaigns as they want . this decision was praised by senator chevron p . mountaindew . 
yesterday , thousands of people marched through the streets of new york city for the gay pride parade . or as new yorkers call it , " the outdoor tony awards . " 
last week , secretary of state hillary clinton wore a string of mardi gras beads to a swearing in ceremony . the state department called hillary ' s gesture , " light - hearted , " while bill clinton called it , " 20 years too late . " 
a new kind of cosmetic surgery for women removes body fat and redistributes it to the breasts . if you ' re interested in the procedure , just go to your doctor and ask for the " win / win . " 
in pennsylvania , four people were arrested for committing a drive - by water gun attack . if convicted , they could face up to two years in a federal bouncy castle . 
it ' s being reported that madonna has her dressing rooms sterilized after she leaves , to remove all traces of her dna . which finally proves what i ' ve been saying since 1985 : madonna is a serial killer . 
now that business is down , the ceo of olive garden says he ' s going to now " elevate the guest experience . "     so , from now on , olive garden ' s going to allow customers to bring food in from other restaurants .   
porn star jenna jameson has been charged with dui . in a related story , the breathalyzer she blew into had the greatest night of its life . at least the cops told her it was a breathalyzer . 
the latest rumor is that mitt romney ' s running mate will be a white male from ohio .   or as romney refers to him , " a person of color . " 
today , joe biden said that the only place mitt romney has created jobs is in china .   this has sparked an angry rebuttal from romney spokesperson wen jinbao . 
amazon . com founder jeff bezos has been named the # 1 most visionary person on the internet . coming in at # 2 , the guy who first said , " i ' m going to post a picture of my junk . " 
this year , for the first time ever , saudi arabia will allow women to compete in the summer olympics .   the rumor is that saudi women are excellent runners because they ' re not allowed to drive . 
in six states , bagged salads sold at wal - mart have been recalled . the salad recall affects approximately 100 wal - mart stores and zero wal - mart customers . 
in july , some mcdonald ' s workers will debut their new uniforms , inspired by the tv show " mad men . " also inspired by the 1960s— their wages . 
scientists are on the verge of inventing a male birth control patch . here ' s how it works , you put on the patch and it reminds you to tell your girlfriend to take her birth control pill . 
experts say there ' s a rising trend of hooters - style restaurants in the united states , or as they ' re officially known , " breastaraunts . " can you believe people called them " breastaraunts " —   i prefer the more dignified term , " gazongaterias . " 
on friday , the iphone turns 5 years old .   in other words , the iphone is officially old enough to build an iphone . 
today , the fda approved a new anti - obesity drug .   to make sure americans take it , it comes with a side of onion rings .   
a boxing promoter has offered drake and chris brown $ 1 million to settle their differences in the ring . chris brown said the fight will never happen , unless he and drake start dating . 
a new study shows that posting on facebook is as enjoyable as sex . the study was conducted by people who are either really bad at sex or way too good at facebook . 
it ' s being reported that , last night in new york , charlie sheen trashed his hotel room .   isn ' t that amazing ?   people are still renting hotel rooms to charlie sheen . 
today in manhattan , a woman gave birth to a healthy baby boy while riding the subway .   which , by the way , made him the sixth guy on that subway today to show his penis .   
according to reports , yesterday , the kardashians went shopping for a family cemetery plot .   the kardashians plan on dying as they ' ve lived , lying on their backs doing nothing . 
according to a new report , marijuana is the most popular drug on earth . so better luck next year , bath salts that make you eat someone else ' s face . 
a man has filed a lawsuit against kim kardashian and kanye west claiming they have ties to al qaeda . when al qaeda heard this , they said , " please do not lump us in with those maniacs ! " 
new jersey governor chris christie is under fire for calling a politician he doesn ' t like " an s . o . b . " meanwhile , christie calls a politician he does like " a b . l . t . " 
a company has come out with a wedding ring guaranteed to keep the man from cheating . mostly because the ring doesn ' t go on the man ' s finger . 
a lot of americans are upset because it was revealed that the us olympic team ' s outfits were made in china . to protest , many people have been taking down their american flags and mailing them back to the flag factory in china . 
on friday , oprah winfrey interviewed mitt romney .   the two talked about politics , foreign policy and what it ' s like to lose a million dollars in the couch cushions . 
according to a new report that just came out , the average canadian is now richer than the average american .   this is bad news for americans & worse news for those mexicans who now have to tunnel all the way to canada . 
bree olson revealed that charlie sheen used to tweet during sex .   so , if you ' ve ever retweeted charlie sheen , you should probably see a doctor . 
burger king has debuted its bacon sundae .   it comes with whipped cream and a note that says ‘do not resuscitate . " 
the world ' s heaviest woman is trying to lose weight by having more sex .   in fact , she just hooked up with the world ' s drunkest man . 
jennifer lopez and steven tyler are quitting american idol . apparently , lopez want to focus on her music and tyler plans to star in a remake of " the golden girls . " 
it ' s being reported that jennifer lopez decided to leave american idol because of steven tyler ' s departure . she said , " i don ' t want to be the only woman judge . " 
yesterday at a basketball game , president and michelle obama were caught off guard by the kiss - cam . meanwhile , mitt romney was caught off guard by the " show us your tax returns " cam . 
since becoming secretary of state , hillary clinton has spent over 300 days out of the country . president obama called her travel record , " inspiring , " and bill clinton called it , " 20 years too late . " 
everybody ' s ok , but yesterday , katie holmes car was hit by a garbage truck . cops are still looking for the driver of the truck , who was described as " tom cruise . " 
yahoo ' s new ceo marrisa mayer is 6 months pregnant . apparently , she was able to hide her pregnancy by only posting it on yahoo . 
apple has announced it will be unveiling a new , smaller ipad that they say is aimed at women .   not to be outdone , amazon announced it will soon unveil the " vibrating kindle . " 
in a new interview , elton john said he never announced he was gay because he assumed it was " common knowledge . "   he was correct . 
some of the most popular baby names of the year are from the hbo show game of thrones .   which explains the popular new girls ' name , " gratuitous nudity . " 
larry king has launched a new talk show that will appear only on the internet .   larry said , " i ' ve always dreamed of having a show that i have no idea how to watch . " 
today , the boy scouts of america reaffirmed its ban on gays . a spokesman for the scouts said , " there ' s a right way and a wrong way to rub two sticks together . " 
according to a brand new poll , 70% of latinos said they plan to vote for president obama . the other 30% would , but mit romney won ' t give them the day off work to vote . let ' s just say he ' s got a big lawn . 
north korean leader kim jong - un has been awarded the highest rank in the country ' s military . the decision was praised by everyone from parliamentary speaker kim jong - un to opposition leader kim jong - un . still no word from soccer star— kim jong - un . 
at this year ' s republican convention , chris christie has reportedly agreed to give the key note address .   when reached for comment , christie said , " keynote ? i thought they said ‘key lime . ' " 
yesterday , the fast food chain chick - fil - a announced that it is officially against gay marriage .   and , folks , wait till you hear what popeye ' s chicken says about stem cell research . 
mark hamill , who played luke skywalker , is warning voters that mitt romney is not human . however , on the other side of the aisle , yoda has been saying , " obama in america born wasn ' t . " 
an ikea in brooklyn has become a favorite spot for teenagers to have sex . it ' s the first reported instance of someone at an ikea managing to put two parts together . 
the world ' s heaviest woman is trying to lose weight by having more sex . meanwhile , her husband is trying to lose weight by running like hell . 
500 - year old lingerie has been found in a castle in austria . then today , it was returned to barbara walters . 
in san francisco a man famous for having one of the largest penises on record was frisked by tsa agents after they suspected he was hiding something in his pants .   so , folks , i guess now i should explain what i was doing in san francisco . 
in london , athletes at the   olympics are being issues 15 condoms each . so now every athlete ' s dream is to return home with a gold medal and no condoms . 
an olympic sharp - shooter from malaysia will be 8 months pregnant when she competes in her event . the sharp - shooter ' s first target will be the bastard who knocked her up . 
the democrats have apologized for using mitt romney ' s horse in an ad . still , you gotta love any ad that ends with , " i ' m mitt romney ' s horse , and i approve this message . " 
the united states postal service is about to default on a 5 . 5 billion payment . the post office claims they made the payment , but the check got lost in the mail .   
a group of burger king employees have been fired for taking a photo of themselves with their feet in the restaurant ' s lettuce . a spokesman for burger king said , " great – there goes our secret recipe . " 
it ' s been reported that modern family ' s sofia vergara is now the highest paid woman on television .   yet , sadly , she still can ' t afford shirts that fit . 
inspired by the success of " 50 shades of grey , " a company is releasing erotic versions of classic literary works .   so now , in " the old man and the sea , "   the old man doesn ' t just catch the fish . 
according to a professor at stanford , playing video games and watching porn will lead to the demise of the male species . isn ' t that amazing— i had no idea my mother was a professor at stanford . 
it leaked out that the london olympics ' opening ceremony will include a showdown between voldemort and mary poppins . the winner then goes on to a battle to the death with thomas the tank engine . 
today , michelle obama said that the olympics can inspire american kids to get active .   or it can inspire american kids to sit on the couch and watch the olympics . 
even though the olympics take place during ramadan , some muslim athletes said that they will not fast during the london olympics . then after sampling the british food they said , " on second thought , fasting sounds good . " 
many people are criticizing the london olympics mascot for being creepy , because it has just one huge eye that looks like a camera .   also not helping is its catchphrase , " i can see you on the toilet . " 
the poverty rate in the us is at its highest since the 1960s . it ' s gotten so bad , today , mitt romney ' s butler had to let his butler go . 
a strip club in tampa is luring republicans with a sarah palin look - a - like . the woman is identical to sarah palin in every way , except the stripper has a tangible skill . 
last week at a tony robbins seminar , several people burned their feet while walking over hot coals .   and thanks to the tony robbins seminar these people now feel empowered enough to sue tony robbins . 
a member of best buy ' s geek squad is in trouble for copying racy photos off a customer ' s iphone & inviting her to his home to retrieve them . best buy has fired him from the geek squad & hired him for the perv patrol . 
in oregon , a man broke into three homes and looked at porn on the computer . either that , or three husbands in oregon came up with the exact same excuse . 
it ' s been reported that the opening ceremony will feature an epic showdown between voldemort and mary poppins . then the main event : a fight to the death between two of the spice girls . 
it ' s been reported that the opening ceremonies will include a video of james bond and queen elizabeth . the bad news is—   it ' s a sex video . 
to help clean up london before the olympics , local police have closed down over 80 brothels . apparently the brothels go against the olympic spirit of amateur competition . 
holley mangold , a 350 - pound olympic weight lifter , says she ' s afraid of plastic chairs . when asked for comment , plastic chairs said , " not as afraid as we are . " 
a hotel in england is placing a copy of the book , " 50 shades of grey " in every room . don ' t get excited though— over there , " 50 shades of grey " is the name of a british cookbook . 
some experts say president obama ' s campaign may come down to the jewish voters in florida . which explains why today obama announced his new running mate , barbara streisand . 
yesterday , president obama gave a speech in oakland and hundreds of people showed up to voice their support for medical marijuana .   and by show up , i mean wandered in four hours late . 
today , mitt romney criticized president obama for eroding america ' s standing in the world . romney said , " i want to make america the kind of country that i could one day deposit my money in . " 
a cyberattack on iranian nuclear facilities is causing their computers to play songs by ac / dc . today the attackers said , " if our demands aren ' t met , tomorrow we ' ll start blasting nickelback . " 
a new report claims a third of the births in the us are unintended . the study was conducted in the house i grew up in . 
yesterday , the los angeles city council voted to shut down all of la ' s medical marijuana dispensaries . so , i guess no one in los angeles will ever smoke pot again . 
a new study suggests that president obama ' s emails are more personal than mitt romney ' s . romney ' s usually end with , " best regards , mitt , " while the president ' s usually end with , " i killed osama bin laden . " 
a united nations commission has called for the worldwide legalization of prostitution .   this idea is getting a lot of support from the global humanitarian group , " pimps without borders . " 
it ' s been revealed that north korea ' s leader , kim jong - un , recently got married . so , congratulations to kim jong - un and his new wife , katie holmes ! 
the cast of " modern family " have delayed production for the new season due to a contract dispute .   meanwhile , andy and i are still asking tbs for a urinal cake in the men ' s room . 
a health group is concerned about a growing trend of women getting surgery to create " designer vaginas . " however , for women on a budget , there ' s also the popular " old navy vagina . " 
in ancient greece , all olympic athletes competed in the nude . and to honor that tradition , that ' s how i plan on watching the olympics . 
the london olympics start tomorrow night . the games don ' t even start for another 24 hours , but greece is already 14 gold medals in debt . 
this year ' s olympics will be replacing the women ' s beach volleyball bikinis with uniforms that are less revealing . the stricter dress code was made to appease the conservative nation of buzzkill - astan . 
the cast of " modern family " have delayed production for the new season due to a contract dispute . i think i speak on behalf of men everywhere when i say , " give sofia vergara whatever she wants . " 
a recent study shows that smoking marijuana can help eliminate diarrhea . the finding was called " significant " by doctors and a " win - win " by taco bell . 
so far china has won the most gold medals . the chinese athletes can ' t wait to get home and show the medals off to the kids who made them . 
olympic organizers are reportedly struggling to fill rows and rows of empty seats . in fact , yesterday , officials put out a casting call asking for 200 europeans , or 8 americans . 
some people are saying the reason michael phelps isn ' t doing well is because he let himself get too out of shape .   i just have to say , if that guy ' s out of shape , i ' ve been dead for five years .   
olympic officials said that attendees are tweeting so much it ' s crashing their mobile networks . apparently , it ' s due to all the teenage girls with " al michaels fever . " 
the mitt romney campaign is still trying to do damage control after remarks that romney made while in the uk . probably his worst gaffe was when he visited buckingham palace and said to queen elizabeth , " you call this a house ? " 
over the weekend , mitt romney was in jerusalem and slipped a prayer into the crack in the wailing wall . and while he was at it , he also stuffed in $ 3 million of taxable income . 
today , a blackout in india left 370 million people without power .   and that was just on one block . 
jeff bezos , the ceo of amazon , donated $ 2 . 5 million dollars to support the legalization of gay marriage . in fact , today i was on amazon and no matter what i tried to buy it said , " you might also like ‘men . ' " 
in new york , a couple who divorced 50 years ago are getting remarried . and believe me , there is nothing hotter than half - century - old make up sex . 
he ' s going to be okay , but in new york , a man fell down a 40 - foot gorge trying to sneak into a nickelback concert . doctors told the man , " it could have been worse , you could have made it into the concert . " 
according to a new study , 34% of men say they have faked an orgasm . the study was conducted by the institute of women who don ' t really know how a penis works . 
people are angry at nbc for showing a promo that revealed the winner of a swimming event even though the race hadn ' t aired yet . this afternoon nbc apologized , saying , " we ' re just not used to people watching our network . " 
olympics officials have determined that it ' s too cold for the women ' s beach volleyball competitors to wear bikinis . in a related story , today bill clinton came out in favor of global warming . 
an australian swimmer who failed to win a gold medal is blaming her loss on social media . in her defense , it is really hard to tweet when you ' re swimming . 
olympic officials said saudi arabia ' s 1st female athlete will be allowed to compete while wearing a head scarf . the saudi woman says she ' s thrilled about the ruling and all she needs now is a man to drive her to the olympics . 
some conservatives are saying that mitt romney ' s trip overseas was a disaster and he should have stayed home .     in response , romney said , " but some of my favorite homes are overseas . " 
some historians now believe president obama is directly descended from a slave . when he heard this , donald trump immediately demanded to see the receipt . 
over the weekend , lady gaga published partially nude photos of herself on the internet .   lady gaga ' s fans wrote back saying , " thanks but we ' re gay . " 
yesterday , michael phelps set an all - time olympic record for most medals .   phelps has so much gold on his chest he ' s been asked to join the cast of " jersey shore . " 
eight female badminton players were expelled from the olympics for trying to lose on purpose . so , tragically , they ' ll never have another chance to play badminton unless they get invited to a picnic . 
seriously , the olympic badminton players were apparently trying to lose on purpose . but really , if you trained day and night for 4 years to be in the olympics for badminton , in a way haven ' t you already lost ? 
us swimming star ryan lochte has sparked a controversy by wearing a grill designed by a rapper .   not only that , lochte times his races with a big clock around his neck . 
the us team has swept all the medals in the skeet shooting event . so despite our bad economy , it ' s nice to know our country has never been safer from an invasion of skeets . 
in texas , a tea party candidate who ' s hispanic has won the republican senate nomination .   his campaign slogan is " i hate me . " 
a house republican has compared the new law requiring free birth control for women to pearl harbor . when asked to clarify , he said , " both involve unplanned early - morning invasions . " 
a company has come out with a bra designed to look like an xbox game controller . great – now that ' s two things i ' m not sure how to work . 
a company is now selling " breaking bad " rock candy that looks just like crystal meth . the company says the candy is a fun way for kids to pretend they ' re a terminally ill chemistry teacher who ' s gone insane . 
a controversial new novel depicts a world where black people rule over white people . it ' s called , " true stories of the nba . " 
ann romney ' s horse failed to win a medal in the dressage event today . which is a shame , because if there ' s one thing that family needs , it ' s more gold ! 
ann romney ' s olympic horse is named " rafalca . " when asked why she picked rafalca , she said , " i needed a silly name that no one ' s ever heard of before and " mitt " was taken . " 
olympic champion ryan lochte says the best way to pick - up a woman is to wink at her .   this was in an article was entitled , " things that only work for ryan lochte . " 
a former us olympic swimmer— in an interview— said that nearly all elite competitive swimmers pee in the pool regularly . so apparently , i am an elite competitive swimmer . 
many people are in uproar about a rumor that the iphone 5 is gonna cost $ 800 . apparently , the iphone 5 is just an iphone 4 with $ 500 taped to the back . 
in mexico , kim kardashian and kanye west went zip lining with the creator of " girls gone wild . " unfortunately , no one was harmed . 
last night , nasa broadcast live footage of their rover making its dramatic landing on mars . then 8 hours later , nbc showed it . 
it was a risky mission that nasa scientists dubbed " 7 minutes of terror . " nasa scientists named the mission after that time a woman tried to talk to them in the hallway . 
during an interview with the wall street journal ,   michael phelps said , " everybody pees in the pool . " then he dropped his pants and said , " but only a champion pees during an interview with the wall street journal . "   
an american judo fighter was expelled from the olympics after testing positive for marijuana . officials became suspicious when he kept stopping the match and saying , " what are we fighting for , man ? " 
mitt romney is claiming he will create 12 million jobs in his first term .   however , romney hasn ' t said yet whether he ' ll create those jobs in china or india – he ' s still thinking . 
a new ad from the obama campaign claims that mitt romney is out of touch when it comes to women ' s issues . today , mitt romney said , " i ' m not out of touch with women ' s issues— just ask my wife , mrs . mitt romney . " 
yesterday , elton john said that madonna is a nightmare who looks like a " fairground stripper . " i don ' t know about you , but i hate to see two gay men fighting . 
today a member of the us rowing team who won a bronze medal is accused of having an erection while on the medal stand .   the rower ' s claiming his penis wasn ' t erect - it was just standing for the national anthem .   
michael phelps ' s girlfriend is a 25 - year - old model from los angeles .   in other words , like every other model in la she ' s dating an older , retired guy .   
just before his record - breaking 100 meter dash , gold medalist usain bolt ate at mcdonald ' s . apparently , he timed his meal so that when the race started , he would have exactly 9 . 63 seconds to get to a toilet . 
olympics officials have disqualified a champion racewalker after determining that he was doping . the man says getting caught doping is almost as embarrassing as getting caught being a champion racewalker . 
ann romney ' s horse , rafalca , did not advance to the olympic finals . apparently , it was beat out by a smooth talking socialist horse from kenya . 
today , scientists at nasa released the mars rover ' s first video . sadly , it ' s the rover ' s audition tape for " american idol . " 
mayor bloomberg said that , now that he ' s banned large sodas in new york city , his next target will be alcohol . once that ' s out of the way , he ' ll start his crusade against the laughter of children . 
a new study says that you can tell if man is gay by how much his pupils dilate when he sees an image of a naked man . also by whether or not he shouts " me likey ! " 
a political analyst for cnn compared the level of bickering between the 2 presidential candidates to fighting on the " real housewives " shows .   after hearing this , president obama said , " don ' t blame me , blame that lying bitch mitt romney . " 
a study shows that 16% of olympic gold medalists cry on the podium .   meanwhile , 1% of bronze medalists get an erection . 
a german olympic diver did one of the worst dives ever , and got a score of 0 . 0 . to try and save face , halfway through the dive , he yelled , " cannonball ! ! ! " 
in russia , president putin is being challenged by a feminist punk - rock group called " pussy riot . " and by the way - fun fact ; " pussy riot " was the name they almost went with for " the view . " 
the jersey shore ' s pauly d reportedly made $ 11 million last year . so the lesson here is , kids , don ' t stay in school . 
in pennsylvania , a burglar broke into 3 homes and performed oral sex on three sleeping men .   charges are being pressed by no one . 
today , the us women ' s soccer team won the gold medal .   all of us in america are happy for the athletes and thrilled we don ' t have to watch soccer for four more years . 
as of now , the us is leading china in both number of gold medals and number of total medals .   in response , china said , " that ' s nice but we still have all your money . " 
it ' s being reported that olympic swimmer ryan lochte might be the next " bachelor . " he ' s the perfect choice – he ' ll give the winner a rose , and then pee in her pool . 
it ' s being reported that adele may perform at the olympic closing ceremony . it should be pretty emotional and stirring , because a few years ago , the olympics broke up with her . 
olympics corporate sponsors are upset that the athletes are using unauthorized brands of condoms .   the angriest sponsor is mcdonald ' s who issued two kinds– " regular " and " mcribbed for her pleasure . " 
after studying photos taken by the nasa space rover , scientists are saying that mars resembles california .   both have little water , large mountains ,   and the possibility of hidden aliens . 
a man who ordered a television off of amazon , was shocked because amazon instead sent him a rifle . which means somewhere , a hunter is trying to kill a deer by making it watch " real housewives of new jersey . "   
divers off the coast of italy have discovered a 2 , 000 - year - old shipwreck that is so well preserved , even the food is intact . the food was carefully extracted from the wreck and immediately served at the nearest olive garden . 
mitt romney has said that he hopes that florida will be " spared any major destruction " from the hurricane . however , to be safe , he ' s urging everyone to take cover and strap their dogs to something secure . 
hurricane isaac has shortened the republican national convention by a day . delegates are relieved because now that means only three days of having to be fake - excited about mitt romney .   
former florida governor jeb bush says it ' s time for president obama to stop blaming his brother for the economy . then , when asked why he himself has not run for president , jeb bush said , " my brother . " 
tomorrow , the mars rover will premiere the new black eyed peas song by beaming it back to earth . in other words , the rover has turned against us ! 
over the weekend , the world ' s oldest person turned 116 and she said she lived a long life because she " minded her own business . "   in a related story , she is also the world ' s oldest murder witness . 
in nj , a woman suffers from " persistent genital arousal disorder " which causes her to have as many as 100 orgasms a day .   meanwhile , her boyfriend suffers from " persistent high - fiving other dudes syndrome . "   
in a new interview , larry king said he ' s not good with " gadgets . "   then he said , " this interview is over " and hung up his shoe . 
one of the newest trends in iraq is knockoffs of american fast - food chains , such as " burger friends " and " kfg . " there ' s even a cheap knockoff of an italian restaurant that ' s called " the olive garden . " 
residents of new orleans are bracing for another possible flood .   not because of hurricane isaac but because they heard snooki ' s water broke . 
over the weekend , snooki gave birth to a baby boy , named lorenzo . snooki says the strangest part is that , for the first time , she actually knows the name of the guy sucking her breasts . 
ann romney gave a speech at the republican convention tonight to show america that she and her husband are just regular people like you and i . ann romney made her speech while sitting atop her olympic dancing - horse . 
today at the republican national convention , new jersey governor chris christie gave the keynote address . christie intentionally made the speech terrible so that people would throw food at him . 
a group of protesters have been outside the republican convention dressed up as vaginas .   which may explain the last minute appearance at the republican convention by bill clinton . 
a group of coal miners in ohio said that their bosses forced them to attend a mitt romney campaign event . you know you ' re boring when people would rather dig coal than listen to you speak . 
today , the mars rover broadcast a song by the black eyed peas ' will i . am .   so there you have it , mars really is un - inhabitable . 
there ' s a new website that allows you to support prince harry by posting a naked photo of yourself . the website is called " extremely gullible girls gone wild . " 
according to a new survey , forty percent of americans approve of reading a partner ' s email if you suspect them of cheating . the remaining 60% are cheating . 
cinnabon is at work developing the new " cinnabon pizza . " they ' re also at work developing the new " type 3 diabetes . " 
according to a new report , the oldest registered user of facebook is 101 year old woman named florence . you can friend her , but – trust me –   you don ' t want to see her spring break pictures . 
snooki says she loves nursing her new born baby boy . the weird part is , while she ' s nursing , the rest of the jersey shore cast stands around her chanting , " chug , chug , chug ! " 
in her speech at the republican convention last night , ann romney talked about meeting mitt at a dance . apparently , she leaned over to her girlfriends and said , " who ' s the guy over there with no rhythm ? " 
during her speech , ann romney said , after they got married , she and mitt lived in a basement . it was a 42 - room basement on the french riviera . 
in his speech last night , chris christie said the word " i " 37 times , " romney " seven times , and " jobs " only once .   and then there was the 622 times he said the word , " ham . " 
it ' s rumored that the republican convention mystery speaker is going to be a hologram of ronald reagan . the cool part is he ' s going to perform a duet with tupac . 
the new republican party platform calls for a crackdown on porn . the republicans say they ' ll start the porn crackdown right after they check out of their tampa hotels with unlimited pay per - view . 
during the republican convention , a group of conservative gays threw a party called " homocon . " people said it was just like comic - con , but less gay . 
yesterday , a medical marijuana group officially endorsed barack obama for president . doesn ' t really help obama though , because it turns out that they were just getting around to endorsing him for 2008 . 
in india , a man opened a clothing store named " hitler " , claiming he didn ' t know who adolf hitler was . to apologize , he closed down the store and opened up his new restaurant " osama bin ramen . " 
the oldest person on facebook is a 101 - year - old woman .   she said , " i want to waste what little time i have left . " 
today , snooki tweeted that she ' s been using a breast pump .   and apparently his name is marco . 
the republican convention decided not to show a hologram of ronald reagan for fear it would overshadow mitt romney . it ' s never a good sign when your candidate is in danger of being overshadowed by something that technically doesn ' t make a shadow . 
some people were distracted during condoleeza rice ' s speech because she had lipstick on her teeth . and they were even more distracted the night before when chris christie had a rack of ribs on his chin . 
last night , paul ryan said his ipod playlist " starts with ac / dc and ends with zeppelin . " when asked for comment , mitt romney said , " man , i thought i was white . " 
hurricane isaac did not make a direct hit on new orleans but passed by it without much harm . even better news— while passing by new orleans , it flashed its boobs . 
a former navy seal has a book out that claims osama bin laden was unarmed when he was shot . the book is called , " who cares , he ' s dead . " 
pippa middleton , the sister - in - law of prince william , has a book coming out on how to plan a great party . of course , if you really want a member of the royal family to show you how to party , i ' d go with prince harry . 
taco bell plans to make doritos locos tacos available in more flavors . the flavors include cool ranch , spicy cajun and do not resuscitate . 
mtv has announced that this will be the last season of " jersey shore . "   so i guess we ' ll never know if they learn to walk upright . 
this weekend , scientists said they found a chimp who is smarter than a us   high school student . the scientists made the discovery when they played a hit song by one direction , and the chimp said , " what is this shit ? " 
this week , the democratic convention takes place in charlotte , and one of the speakers will be bill clinton .   out of habit , clinton told hillary that he was nowhere near charlotte , he doesn ' t know who charlotte is , and charlotte is a liar . 
tonight ' s events at the democratic convention included a speech by michelle obama . of course , everyone ' s favorite moment was when the first lady told ann romney to , " bring it , bitch . " 
donors to president obama ' s campaign were promised exclusive access to joe biden .   and , for an extra $ 10 , 000 , absolutely no access to joe biden . 
chuck norris said that if president obama is re - elected , it would lead to " a thousand years of darkness . " then he said , if romney wins , it will lead to four years of " extreme whiteness . " 
nicki minaj has come out with a pro - romney song that contains the lyrics , " you lazy bitches is f - ing up the economy . "   after hearing about it , mitt romney said , " i don ' t know who nicki minaj is but he sounds like a great guy . " 
the republicans have been asking , " are you better off now than you were four years ago ? "   in response , americans are saying , " no we ' re worse off , because four years ago , we ' d never heard of honey boo boo . "   
dc comics has unveiled its first arab - american superhero . he ' ll be the first superhero who has the power to fly , but keeps getting pulled aside for questioning by the tsa . 
rumors have surfaced that bruce willis may sue apple so he can pass on his itunes collection to his daughters . this could be an important case because if there ' s one thing all teenage girls love it ' s their dad ' s music collection . 
in massachusetts , a prison inmate serving a life sentence will be allowed to have a sex change operation .   this is great news for him and even better news for his cellmate .   
last night two of the speakers at the democratic convention were identical twins brothers joaquin and julian castro . apparently , promising identical twins was the only way to get bill clinton to show up . 
today , democrats added the word " god " to their official party platform . it ' s in the part that reads , " did you see michelle obama ' s biceps ? oh my god . " 
last night , michelle obama said the first car barack picked her up in was so old you could see the ground below them .   then today , ann romney said the same thing about mitt ' s first helicopter . 
in her speech , first lady michelle obama said her husband has dinner with his girls , where they " strategize " about middle - school relationships . which explains why today the pentagon ordered a drone strike on that lying bitch ashley . 
it ' s been reported that one of the surprise speakers at the democratic convention will be scarlett johansson . for her speech , she ' ll be talking to an empty chair and telling it , " hey— my eyes are up here ! " 
at this year ' s democratic convention , 8% of the delegates are gay , a historic record . so this will be the first time a presidential candidate will be nominated by a " show of jazz - hands . " 
nasa ' s having a contest to let kids come up with the name for a newly discovered asteroid .   well the kid ' s decided and earth ' s greatest astronomers are already now studying asteroid " butt muncher beiber fart . "   
baskin robbins introduced a new ice cream flavor called " ice cream nachos . " they came up with the idea yesterday at 4 : 20 . 
new mom snooki said that thanks to her baby , she is done partying .   she said the toughest thing to get used to is now when she whips her breasts out at 3 am , it ' s not because a dj told her too . 
some mothers are turning to facebook to buy breast milk for their babies . call me old fashioned – but why can ' t they just get breast milk where nature intended them to get it : on craigslist . 
last night , bill clinton gave a 49 minute speech defending obama ' s record .   he praised obama for saving the economy , passing health care , and keeping hillary out of the country most of the year .   
after his speech , president obama surprised clinton by walking on stage and giving him a hug .   out of habit , when bill clinton saw a woman ' s husband coming at him he threw his shoe and hit in a closet . 
today , scarlett johansson , kerry washington and eva longoria all spoke at the democratic convention .   this means obama has all but clinched the crucial 13 - year - old boy vote .   
a new republican ad features a young woman breaking up with a cardboard cut - out of president obama .   the ad ends with her choosing a cardboard cut - out of mitt romney which turns out to actually be mitt romney . 
the figures are in , and michelle obama ' s convention speech got higher ratings than ann romney ' s . and tonight the democrats are aiming even higher when president obama is introduced by new dnc chair honey boo boo . 
he ' s doing fine , but this morning tom brokaw had to be taken to the hospital after accidently taking an ambien . and tonight , he was taken to the hospital again after accidently listening to a speech by joe biden . 
today is governor chris christie ' s 50th birthday . sadly he ate the cake before the poor girl had a chance to jump out it . 
a group of employees are suing the olive garden for violating federal labor laws . they ' re also suing for violating the dictionary ' s definition of " italian . " 
tom cruise is being accused of having the church of scientology " audition " women to be his wife . i don ' t know what the problem is - at least someone in this economy is actually still hiring .   
in a new interview , vinny   from " jersey shore " says some of his co - stars are destined for failure after the show ends .   then he said , " now if you ' ll excuse , i have a pizza to deliver . " 
kanye west has canceled his vma appearance tonight because girlfriend kim kardashian cannot attend . the news is being reported as a " win - win . " 
mitt romney released another ad that features hispanic voters speaking in spanish . the ad ends with him saying , " i ' m mitt romney , and i have no idea what these people are saying . " 
this weekend , mitt romney suggested that president obama wants to remove the phrase " in god we trust " from us coins .   or as romney calls coins , " those jingling things you people have . " 
president obama spent the weekend campaigning in florida , trying to woo senior citizens . which may be why he starts his speeches in florida with , " hi , i ' m president eisenhower with a tan . " 
yesterday in florida , president obama visited a pizzeria , where the owner gave the president a bear hug and lifted him off his feet .   everybody shared a good laugh and then the secret service shot the man in the face .   
one of the navy seals involved in bin laden raid said the first thing he did when he got home was go to taco bell .   so apparently , bin laden wasn ' t the only one that night who shit his pants . 
the # 1 movie at the box office again this weekend was " the   possession , " which is a jewish version of " the exorcist . " the climax of the film is when they force the ghost to retire to boca raton . 
rihanna has decided to honor her late grandmother by getting a giant tattoo under her breasts .   in fairness , the grandmother ' s obituary notice did say , " in lieu of flowers , please get boob - ink . " 
it ' s been reported that kim kardashian ' s mom kris jenner said that honey boo boo ' s mom is exploiting her daughter . moments later , kris jenner was hospitalized for acute irony poisoning . 
it ' s been reported that kanye west used to have sex with other women while watching kim kardashian ' s sex tape . sounds like someone has   a great story to tell their grandchildren .   
in yemen , a u . s . drone strike has killed al qaeda ' s number two leader , the sixth second in command the us has killed . so this is one area where obama can say he definitely is creating jobs . 
over the weekend , mitt romney made an appearance at a nascar race in virginia . there was an awkward moment when he asked a nascar driver why he didn ' t just " hire a chauffeur . " 
mitt romney is not backing down from his statement that america ' s , " number one foe , " is russia . then , he said america ' s number one band is " duran duran " and number one movie is " the goonies . " 
nicki minaj has now admitted she supports president obama over mitt romney . romney ' s not worried though , he still has the support of lil ' wayne and two chainz . 
at a movie premiere last night , " harry potter " star emma watson had a near nip - slip . it ' s the most embarrassing harry potter incident since the " voldemort sex tape . " 
a new survey has found that indianapolis is the most sexually satisfied city in the us .   which explains why their new license plates don ' t say " hoosier state " they say " hoosier daddy . "   
chris brown got a tattoo of what looks like a picture of rihanna on his neck . brown said , " the tattoo comes in handy when people can ' t remember why they hate me . " 
o . j . simpson is claiming that khloe kardashian is his daughter . he makes the claims in his new book called , " the only thing i ' m ashamed of . " 
earlier this morning , in la , police were involved in a high speed chase with a suspect who was drawing a crowd by throwing money out the window . now folks , is it me , or is mitt romney getting desperate ? 
today apple unveiled the iphone 5— which is 18% thinner and 20% lighter . in fact , it ' s just a piece of paper that says , " you saps will buy anything . " 
yesterday , bill clinton said that president obama helped him edit his convention speech . the biggest change was that obama had clinton use the phrase " americans " instead of " all you fine honeys . " 
the company that made the tupac hologram is filing for bankruptcy . the announcement was made by company spokesperson elvis presley . 
the us soccer team qualified for the world cup by beating jamaica 1 - 0 . the americans attribute their success over the jamaicans to hard work , training , and " not being stoned . " 
for a few hours yesterday , the sears online catalog featured a model whose nipple was showing . it was the first time in years someone saw something in a sears catalog they actually wanted . 
in a new interview , blake lively said that , if she could , she would have 30 kids . read all about it in the october issue of " i ' ve never had a baby so i ' m talking out of my ass " magazine . 
the latest rumor in hollywood is that lindsay lohan has been hospitalized for walking pneumonia . doctors say no one should start worrying until lohan comes down with " driving pneumonia . " 
in russia , 122 year old man has passed away and he credited his long life to abstaining from alcohol , tobacco and women . his last words were " i ' ve made a huge mistake . " 
the octomom says she ' s made enough money from porn to buy a house . the dilapidated , condemned structure that can hold up to 15 people , said she ' s happy to finally have her own home . 
new polling shows president obama has a 10 point lead in mitt romney ' s home state of michigan . although , in obama ' s home state of hawaii , romney has a 10 house lead . 
mcdonald ' s announced , for the first time ever , they ' re going to start posting the calorie count of their menu items .   not to be outdone , cinnabon announced they will start posting their death toll . 
yesterday , the dalai lama said it ' s time for humanity to abandon religion . man— sounds like someone just got du - umped ! 
coca - cola is now sold in 193 of 195 of the world ' s countries . the holdouts are cuba and the former soviet republic of , " caffienefree7up - i - stan . " 
at a high school in texas , a science experiment backfired and the school was evacuated . the " experiment " that backfired was trying to teach science in texas . 
hooters restaurants are making an effort to bring in more female customers . hooters said the only things they need to change is their name , the waitresses , and the food . 
one of the stars of " the newsroom " accidentally tweeted a topless photo .   unfortunately , it was jeff daniels . 
according to new research , heavier men last longer in bed .   but that includes time spent looking for their penis . 
today is rosh hashanah , the jewish new year . by the way , rosh hashanah is hebrew for " i have no writers today . " 
mitt romney is los angeles today for a fundraiser .   so that ' s one more handsome guy in la auditioning for a role he probably won ' t get . 
after being accused of being too vague , mitt romney ' s campaign team says they will start being more specific . when asked when , they said , " soonish . " 
arnold schwarzenegger has written a new book about his affair with his hispanic housekeeper and it ' s actually called " total recall . "   in response , she ' s written a book about their affair called " alien vs predator . " 
in rome , a tabloid is running some new topless photos of kate middleton where her breasts appear larger than in earlier released photos . when he heard about it , prince harry said , " why can ' t my photos be in that magazine ? " 
a new study reveals that single people pay more money than married people on food , shelter , taxes and health insurance and they make less money than married people .   after hearing this , every single guy said , " still worth it . " 
a man in kentucky is suing a doctor for amputating his penis unnecessarily . when the doctor has apologized the patient said , " no hard feelings . " 
during a private reception with wealthy donors , mitt romney said nearly half of americans " pay no income tax . " then he said , " but enough about me… " 
another thing mitt romney said is that if he " had mexican parents , he ' d have a better shot at winning . " but unfortunately , romney was tragically held back by being born into the home of rich white people . 
a judge has ordered a french magazine to turn over all 200 topless photos of kate middleton . the judge says he wants the photos because he ' s having trouble finding them online . 
the space shuttle is coming to la – it ' s going to be towed through downtown los angeles at 2 mph .   in other words , it ' ll be traveling at the same speed as every other vehicle in la . 
carnival cruise line has announced a brand new " all you can drink " cruise . carnival said the unlimited alcohol cruise is a great to inaugurate their new ship , the s . s . what could possibly go wrong ? 
a prominent historian is now claiming that jesus was married . because just like any married guy who goes missing for three days , he comes back with a crazy excuse . 
lindsay lohan sent out a tweet complaining that amanda bynes has been getting off too easy for her driving violations .   lohan sent the tweet from behind the wheel just before crashing through a pinkberry . 
a shortstop for the toronto blue jays is in trouble for painting a homophobic slur under his eyes . but don ' t worry – after the game it washed off very easily in the group shower . 
scientists have discovered that there is such a thing as a " breast orgasm . "   so sorry ladies , that ' s one more orgasm you ' re going to have to fake .   
lindsay lohan was arrested in new york city last night for allegedly hitting someone with her car and leaving the scene of an accident . that ' s the bad news… the good news is— she ' s not driving in los angeles ! 
it ' s true lindsay lohan did flee the scene after a car accident . lohan apologized , saying she was late for a car accident across town . 
the disney channel accidentally aired several minutes of hardcore porn during one of their children ' s cartoons . either that or phineas and ferb really like each other . 
apple has pushed back the shipping date for the new iphone 5 .   they say   don ' t worry though—   it should be delivered the day before they unveil the iphone 6 . 
an asian mathematician appears to have solved the world ' s most complex math problem . he did so as part of his work at the institute for persistent stereotypes . 
scholars have uncovered an ancient document that talks about jesus having a wife . they ' ve also found a note from jesus ' father - in - law , saying , " tell that bum to cut his hair and get a job ! " 
at the international space station , an american astronaut just completed an entire triathlon in space .   in a related story , i finally took the laundry off the treadmill in my garage . 
mcdonald ' s announced that there will be a delay in the return of the mcrib this year . a spokesman said , " we ' re waiting for people to finish digesting last year ' s mcribs . " 
at a recent concert in amsterdam , lady gaga smoked marijuana in front of thousands of her fans . gaga got so high , she put on a sundress and sensible shoes . 
honey boo boo ' s family is reportedly demanding a substantial raise .   however , they ' ll settle for two bags of funyuns . 
the space shuttle is going to be driven through los angeles tomorrow . the bad news , it ' s going to be driven by lindsay lohan . 
people are commenting that mitt romney has been looking extremely tan lately .   in fact , if romney gets any darker he ' s not going to vote for himself . 
people are speculating that mitt romney is wearing self - tanner to pander to latino voters . even worse , he spent all of today driving through hispanic neighborhoods with a chihuahua strapped to his roof . 
in the latest tape released from that private fundraiser , mitt romney implies that immigrants who come to america have no skills . except of course , the one who knew how to push the record button on the camera . 
monica lewinsky is reportedly writing a tell - all book about her affair with bill clinton . the book is called " ten years too late . " 
disneyworld has announced plans to start serving alcohol . they ' re even going to introduce a new character " extremely buzzed lightyear . " 
new jersey is banning smiling in driver ' s license photos . so now , instead of telling the driver to , " say cheese " , the dmv photographer will just say , " you live in new jersey . " 
in georgia , an applebee ' s manager called the police on a customer for breastfeeding her baby .   the mother is being charged with serving a nutritious meal at applebees . 
once again in new york , a man was arrested for yelling anti - semitic remarks while in an elmo costume . now is it me , or is mel gibson settling for lesser roles ? 
last night and " mad men " set a record by losing all 17 categories in which they were nominated .   even worse , all 17 of them were won by " here comes honey boo boo . " 
this weekend , la is shutting down a major freeway for what they ' re calling " carmageddon 2 . "   officials are trying to keep everyone off the streets this weekend by announcing that " lindsay lohan is out for a drive . " 
a new book claims that texas governor rick perry did not win the republican primary because he suffers from a sleep disorder .   his doctors said , " also not helping – he ' s dumb as a rock . "   
at the new england patriots game , coach bill belichick was so mad about a call by the replacement referees , he grabbed a ref ' s arm . fortunately , belichick was quickly stopped by the referee ' s seeing - eye dog . 
in china , a factory that makes iphones had to be shut down after 2 , 000 workers got into a brawl .   the brawl was captured on 10 , 000 iphones . 
it ' s come out that a chemical in the mcrib is also used to make yoga mats . this marks the first time yoga and mcrib have ever been mentioned in the same sentence . 
in georgia , a jewelry store owner   is offering a free gun with your purchase .   and of course once you have the gun – free jewelry ! 
it ' s been reported that the band lynyrd skynyrd will no longer fly the confederate flag at their concerts .   they said they only flew the flag because 2 of their members actually fought in the civil war .   
there are new rumors of a kanye west sex tape . the image is blurry but you can tell it ' s kanye because he keeps moaning his own name . 
over twitter , lady gaga thanked her fans for loving her despite her recent weight gain . lady gaga tweeted , " it ' s hard not eat pop tarts all the time when your hat is a toaster . " 
a new study shows that the size of an average penis has decreased by 10% . so… that means it ' s down to 8 inches , right fellas ? 
green bay packers fans are furious after a controversial call in last night ' s game that robbed the packers of a victory .   some are calling it the worst call in nfl history , since the black eyed peas were invited to play the super bowl . 
it ' s come out that some of the nfl replacement refs used to work for the lingerie football league .   the owners say they were forced to use them because they couldn ' t afford the refs from " the puppy bowl . " 
in new york city , muggings for apple products are up 40% . even worse , if you have the new iphone , people camp out overnight to mug you . 
today , governor jerry brown signed a bill allowing driverless cars in california .   after hearing the news , amanda bynes said , " i thought i had a driverless car . "   
a new study shows that , as a mother ages , she gets depressed if she doesn ' t receive a phone call from her favorite child . i don ' t have a joke here , i just want to remind my brother luke to call mom . 
in an attempt to bring back more users , myspace unveiled the redesign for its website . i think it ' s going to work , because they ' ve changed the name from myspace to " free porn . " 
over the weekend in georgia , two female police officers got into a brawl in the parking lot of a waffle house .   or was that just a dream i had ? 
a new study suggests that if a   man has his testicles removed , he lives longer .   in other words , married guys live longer .   
today is yom kippur , the day when jewish people ask for forgiveness .   of course , for my people , that would be the day after st . patrick ' s day .   
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad gave a speech at the un today and was actually applauded . of course , he did start his speech by saying , " these replacement refs suck ! " 
it ' s being reported that the nfl is close to reaching a deal with the refs .   and the replacement refs say they ' re close to finding their ass with a map and a compass .   
it ' s rumored that in a recent univision interview , mitt romney wore dark makeup to appeal to latino voters .   i don ' t know about you , but i can ' t wait to see romney ' s appearance on bet . 
an airline in asia announced it ' s selling seats in what they call " quiet zone , " where babies are not allowed . the people most likely to purchase seats in the quite zone are businessmen and   parents of babies . 
tlc has ordered more episodes of " here come honey boo boo . " just as the mayans predicted . 
at a recent concert , madonna told the audience she ' d strip naked if president obama is reelected . in a related story , president obama is now trailing in the polls by 97% , 
pig farmers are predicting a global bacon shortage .   however , they say the shortage can be averted if chris christie converts to islam . 
a manhattan soccer mom has pled guilty to running a prostitution ring . clients of the prostitution ring said they ' re going to miss the post sex juice box . 
tlc announced that honey boo boo is going to have her own halloween special . their neighbors are planning to give them a scare by dressing up as child protective services . 
in a school district in texas , it is now legal for a female teacher to spank a male student .   this is due to a new law pushed through by a group of male students . 
pizza hut has unveiled their newest pizza : pizza with a crust made out of cream - cheese - filled cones . they ' re calling it the autopsy lovers pizzas . 
in hong kong , a billionaire is offering $ 65 million to any man who can woo and marry his lesbian daughter . meanwhile , his daughter is offering $ 65 million dollars to anyone that can explain to her father what a lesbian is . 
it ' s 106 degrees outside here . that ' s right – another crisp fall day in la . 
in his interview with 60 minutes , arnold schwarzenegger said , " you can ' t run from your mistakes , you have to confront them . " especially if they look exactly like you and keep calling you " dad . " 
mitt romney has been preparing by debating a republican senator who ' s playing the part of president obama .   meanwhile , president obama has been preparing for romney by debating an atm machine . 
the other day , the ceo of apple apologized for problems in the iphone ' s new map program .   the ceo made the apology in a field 20 miles from where the press conference was supposed to take place . 
the vatican is getting complaints that they ' re letting in too many drunken tourists . today , the vatican said , " those aren ' t tourists , they ' re priests . " 
there ' s a new internet search engine that ' s been developed and it looks only for online porn . it ' s called " google . " 
in saudi arabia , images of women have been removed from all ikea catalogs . of course in my experience , most women disappear the second they see a futon from ikea . 
red lobster is coming out with a new menu aimed primarily at people who don ' t like seafood . they were inspired by the olive garden whose menu has always been aimed at people don ' t like italian food . 
it ' s being reported that target is requiring its employees to use the word " amazing , " as much as possible .   so now employees say things like , " you ' re so fat , it ' s amazing you ' re not at wal - mart . " 
a new study shows that british men have larger penises than both french and german men .   the study was conducted in the back of elton john ' s van . 
on the first show of his new tour , justin bieber vomited on stage twice .   that ' s right - even justin bieber is sick of justin bieber . 
in his new book , arnold schwarzenegger says his first clue that the housekeeper ' s son was his was when the boy started looking like him . his second clue was when he was the only mexican kid with an austrian accent . 
for tomorrow ' s debate , president obama ' s advisers have been working with him to keep his responses short . in fact , the only words the president plans on saying are - " bin laden " and " dead . " 
the presidential debates will be streamed live on you tube . as a result , both candidates have been busy learning how to dance gangnam style . 
beyonce and jennifer lopez are going to star in a new campaign ad for president obama . mitt romney said though he ' s upset that they ' re not supporting him , but he still loves those two tennis playing sisters . 
the lead singer of the 90s band creed has said he thinks president obama is " ineffective . " so in other words , president obama has lost the support of yet another unemployed person . 
in florida , vice president joe biden told a group of nurses , " if there are any angels in heaven , they ' re all nurses . "   then biden said , " of course , maybe they wouldn ' t be in heaven if they had better nurses . " 
oprah winfrey is now 50th on fortune ' s list of most powerful women in business . in a related story , oprah winfrey just released o magazine ' s list of " 49 women to destroy . " 
in a recent interview , daniel craig said he can ' t do things like get drunk or go skinny dipping because he ' s too well known . when asked for comment , women everywhere said , " he can go skinny - dipping . " 
the weather channel is trying to start a new trend of naming winter storms . which is great , because i ' ve always wanted to hear a weatherman says , " stay indoors—   there ' s 8 inches of conan coming your way . " 
in preparation for tonight ' s debate , mitt romney has reportedly been practicing his zingers . romney said he couldn ' t wait to use his best zinger— " your momma is so poor , she only makes $ 250 , 000 a year . " 
it ' s being reported that mitt romney ' s goal tonight is to make barack obama look like jimmy carter . meanwhile , barack obama ' s goal tonight is to make mitt romney look like mitt romney . 
president obama is winning the election , according to an informal poll conducted by 7 / 11 . however , the findings are being hotly contested by analysts from the cheesecake factory . 
a recent survey says that that many women over the age of 65 think that joe biden is sexy . so now when your grandma asks for a hot cup of joe , she might not be asking for coffee . 
it ' s being reported that a radio shack sold a teenage girl a cell phone that already had pornographic pictures on it .   in a related story , the radio shack cell phone is now outselling the new iphone ten to one . 
the government has released the names of dozens of products containing fraudulent weight - loss claims .   some of the products include " bacon flex " and " the ab couch . " 
births in the u . s . have fallen for the fourth year in a row . experts blame this on the poor economy and fear of another honey boo boo . 
critics say president obama spent too much time looking down at something on the podium . today , the president apologized and said , " at the next debate , no more angry birds . " 
president obama said that one thing about being president is learning to say " no . " especially when someone asks , " do you feel ready for this debate ? " 
during last night ' s debate , mitt romney said that he would cut funds to pbs even though he loves big bird . and he said he ' s definitely against whatever the hell bert and ernie are up to . 
before the debate last night , there was a coin toss to see which candidate would speak first .   there was an awkward moment just before the coin toss when romney asked , " what ' s that shiny little disk you ' re holding ? " 
at one point during the debate , mitt romney said , " if you ' re over 60 , you can stop listening now . " to which moderator jim lehrer said , " then i should have stopped listening 40 years ago . " 
the final season of jersey shore premieres tonight . i don ' t want to spoil anything , but after this season , no one in the cast ever works again . 
rap groups public enemy and   nwa have been nominated for the rock n ' roll hall of fame .   the group said nothing helps their fight against the white power structure like getting a plaque in a museum in cleveland . 
cadbury has come out with a candy bar specifically designed to appeal to women .   it ' s called , " chocolate . " 
some experts say that this week , tv broadcasts may be occasionally interrupted by bursts of radiation from the sun . so if you ' re watching my show right now & see something large , orange , & hot–that ' s just me . 
a man in florida was arrested for having sex for the second time with his neighbor ' s horse . apparently , this guy just can ' t take " nay " for an answer . 
yesterday for the first time ever , a man plunged 24 miles from the very top of the earth ' s atmosphere . as a result , they ' ve stopped serving liquor on the international space station . 
the obama campaign is releasing a new ad showing americans whose financial situation has improved over the past 4 years . unfortunately , the only person who appears in the ad is mitt romney . 
in a new interview , president obama said that he thinks mariah carey and nicki minaj can fix their feud . so it sounds like he ' s ready for the second debate . 
polling across the country shows the presidential race is neck and neck . it ' s an even tie between " not barack obama " and " not mitt romney . " 
a new report claims that former president george w . bush is now painting portraits of dogs .   apparently , his biggest challenge is trying to get the dogs to play poker .   
yesterday , it took the endeavor space shuttle 17 hours to travel 12 miles through downtown los angeles . apparently , it was using the iphone 5 ' s apple maps . 
many new starbucks locations will no longer have tables or chairs . the ceo of starbucks said , " from now on , you ' re going to have to write your crappy screenplays at chipotle . " 
hulk hogan is suing over the release of his sex tape .   and guess what – so is everyone else . 
americans are expected to spend $ 370 million on pet costumes this halloween . so , get ready to see a lot of slutty labradoodles . 
president obama is now saying he was too polite to mitt romney in their first debate . to make up for that , tonight obama plans to address romney as " douchey j . moneybags . " 
one of president obama ' s goals tonight is to win back female voters . which explains why obama ' s going to answer every question with a passage from " 50 shades of grey . " 
analysts say that to woo female voters tonight , both candidates will try to come off as the " good husband . " when asked for comment , bill clinton said , " that is the dumbest thing i ' ve ever heard . " 
after paul ryan stopped by for a photo - op at a soup kitchen , the head of the charity said , " ryan did nothing . "   in other words , that man is ready to be vice - president . 
ross perot has endorsed mitt romney . this could help romney win the coveted vote of " people you forgot were still alive . " 
a company just came out with a car that will retail for only $ 3 , 000 . they ' re calling this revolutionary vehicle the " 1997 corolla . " 
there is a rumor that hulk hogan was the one who leaked his own sex tape .   authorities believe it was either him or al qaeda . 
according to a new study , adele ' s " someone like you " is now the most popular song played at funerals .   it narrowly beat out , pink ' s " let ' s get this party started . " 
jeremy , the college kid who asked the first question at last night ' s debate , now says he is no longer undecided . when asked to elaborate , he said , " i am definitely moving to canada . " 
there was some good news for jeremy last night— during the debate , mitt romney offered him a job . jeremy starts his new job in china next tuesday . 
during last night ' s debate , one audience member asked how mitt romney was different than george w . bush . president bush said that ' s obvious – i would never do anything to hurt big bird . 
last night mitt romney said when he was looking hire a female , he would browse through a " binder full of women . " romney got the idea from tom cruise . 
one of the voters in the audience last night who says he ' s still undecided was and african american male . there was an awkward moment when president obama said , " bro - seriously ? " 
new research finds that obama supporters tend to eat at red lobster , while romney supporters tend to eat at the olive garden . when he heard this , chris christie endorsed both candidates . 
next week , larry king will moderate a debate between third party candidates .   this is the first debate larry ' s moderated since the one between cain and abel . 
a new york man has had 90 surgeries so he can look like " a human ken doll . " i hate to break it to him but you only have to have one surgery to do that . 
honey boo boo and her mother spent the last several days in los angeles . i ' m not telling you a joke , i ' m just telling you why your local grocery store ran out of cheetos . 
both candidates working hard to shore up their support among women . in fact , today they both pledged to increase domestic production of ryan gosling movies . 
yesterday , mitt romney ' s son tagg said that during the debate , he wanted to punch president obama for calling his father a liar . he also wants to punch his father for giving him the name " tagg . "   
the national atheist party has endorsed barack obama for president .   when told the news , obama said , " thank god . " 
the creator of the cartoon dilbert announced he is supporting mitt romney . meanwhile , the creator of garfield is still waiting to hear the candidates ' views on lasagna and mondays . 
apple has announced that next week it will unveil its smaller ipad , the " ipad mini . " sadly , it has also decided to rename the regular - sized model the " maxi - ipad . " 
uma thurman named her new baby daughter rosalind arusha arkadina altalune florence thurman - busson . in other words , uma thurman ' s daughter will never be able to drink from a personalized coffee mug .   
flavor flav has been arrested on assault charges . if convicted , he may get a prison sentence of 10 years , plus time already worn on his chest . 
a new trend in comfort wear is part pajamas , part poncho and it ' s called the " pajancho . " and the guy who invented it is called a " pa - stoner . " 
in india , a 96 - year - old man became the world ' s oldest father . his wife gave birth to a beautiful 62 - year - old baby boy . 
a new study finds that every hour of tv - watching cuts 22 minutes off your life . however , i promise that when you ' re lying on your death bed , your last words will be , " conan was worth it . " 
tonight , president obama and mitt romney will hold their final debate in boca raton , florida . the topic of the debate is " what ' s more shocking to see in boca raton – a mormon or a black guy ? " 
tonight , president obama and mitt romney debate foreign policy debate . pundits say it will be close , but the edge will probably go to the candidate wearing the " i killed osama bin laden " t - shirt . 
according to the new york times , the google search " paul ryan shirtless " is 9 times more popular a search than " paul ryan budget . " the awkward part is , most of those searches have been traced back to joe biden ' s laptop . 
donald trump said he will reveal " big news " about president obama on wednesday .   trump said he would ' ve announced it sooner , but do you know how long it takes to forge a kenyan birth certificate ? 
today lance armstrong was formally stripped of his seven tour de france titles due to the doping scandal . on the plus side , he did just receive a nobel prize in chemistry . 
this year , americans will spend $ 8 billion on halloween costumes . it ' s not a good sign when the only bright spots in our economy are candy and dressing like a slut . 
adele has given birth to a baby boy . witnesses say adele howled in agony for nearly 10 hours , then had to cut her recording session short when she went into labor . 
over the weekend , adele gave birth to a baby boy .   so once again , adele started crying after a male left her . 
a new study shows that eating bacon makes it difficult to have an orgasm during sex . in response , every man in america said , " i still choose bacon . " 
researchers have found evidence that american boys are entering puberty earlier and earlier . so this could finally be the year for me ! 
at one point during the debate last night , moderator bob schieffer accidentally said , " obama bin laden . " it was right after he called romney " adolf mittler . " 
during last night ' s debate , president obama told mitt romney , " the 1980 ' s called and they want their foreign policy back . " mitt romney then tried to deliver a comeback , but then his beeper went off . 
a man is claiming that president obama used and sold cocaine in college .   on the bright side , if this is true , obama does have business experience . 
today , a poll found that president obama won last night ' s debate , among a voting bloc known as " wal - mart moms . " and mitt romney won the debate - according to the " wouldn ' t be caught dead at a wal - mart moms . " 
a group of scientists has named a new type of plant after lady gaga .   it ' s a plant called the " madonna imitatus . " 
today , domino ' s gave out half a million slices of free pizza . then later today , everybody gave them back . 
a new study claims that 88% of people ' s homemade pornography ends up on porn sites without the owners ' knowledge . which may explain why some of you look familiar . 
today , donald trump said he ' d give $ 5million to charity if president obama released his college transcripts . today , obama responded by sending trump a full transcript from his alma mater— the university of " shove it up your ass . " 
people surveyed in 21 countries overwhelmingly favor president obama over mitt romney . although , romney is still a huge favorite in the country of khakistan . 
a new article on mitt romney says that he frequently uses the word , " gosh . " but only when he ' s talking to his youngest son , " gosh romney . " 
last night was the debate among third party presidential candidates and each candidate came out in favor of medical marijuana .   it was the first presidential debate to air on the cartoon network . 
herman cain ' s former mistress says she is writing a tell - all about her time with the former presidential candidate .   the book is called , " no one cares . " 
the company that makes the game " farmville " announced its laying off 160 employees . or to put it another way , 160 people are about to spend a lot more time on farmville . 
a website has posted several photos of retired playboy bunnies who are now in their 60s . of course , to see their entire breasts , you ' ll just need to keep scrolling down .       
it ' s being reported that only two members of n ' sync were invited to justin timberlake ' s wedding . however , the others did attend as caterers . 
a new study claims that 88% of people ' s homemade porn ends up on porn sites without the owners ' knowledge .   in a related story , i just want to say i had no idea that van i was getting into was actually " the bang bus . "   
new jersey governor chris christie ' s message to new jersey residents about hurricane sandy was " don ' t be stupid –   get out . " which , by the way , is also snooki ' s method of birth control . 
both presidential candidates taking measures to prepare for hurricane sandy .   president obama is staying in washington to coordinate relief efforts , and mitt romney is moving his smaller homes into his larger homes . 
lindsay lohan sent out a tweet urging people not to panic over hurricane sandy .   lindsay said , " the correct time to panic is if anyone sees me in a rental car . " 
president obama now has a 52 point lead with hispanics . however , mitt romney has a 90 point lead with the people who hire hispanics . 
a man in indiana got a tattoo of mitt romney ' s campaign logo on his face . friends describe the man as a staunch republican who ' s never heard of bumper stickers . 
it ' s been reported that presidential campaigns are now trying to reach voters based on their web history . so , this january get ready for the inauguration of " president porn . " 
last week , katy perry spoke at a pro - obama rally in a skin tight dress .   people who were there said perry had two good points .   
a study has found that the air in rome contains traces of cocaine . so maybe rome was built in a day . 
last night , a drunk neighbor was arrested for trying to sneak into tom cruise ' s house . apparently , the neighbor got stuck when he tried to crawl through the " tom cruise door . " 
china is angry at apple because chinese citizens are using siri to find prostitutes . although the chinese citizens claim it ' s a misunderstanding – they say they ' re just trying to find their friend " ho . " 
the senior editor of the scientific american said that hurricane sandy was partly caused by global warming . meanwhile , fox news says it was caused by two men kissing in central park . 
this afternoon , in honor of the world series , taco bell gave out free doritos locos tacos in san francisco . which means now the west coast will be hit with an explosive flood . 
in an interview , former florida governor jeb bush said that , during this campaign , president obama ' s been ' acting like a 10 - year - old . '   jeb ' s exact quote was " obama ' s acting like a real george w . bush . " 
the apple executive in charge of apple maps has been let go . he was fired yesterday but he still can ' t find his way out of the building . 
it was announced today that there will be a new stars wars movie in 2015 . luckily , by then , harrison ford will be old enough to play yoda . 
george lucas has sold his film company and said , " it ' s time to pass star wars onto a new generation of filmmakers . " unfortunately , the company he sold it to was " hustler video . " 
the minnesota timberwolves are being accused of having too many white players & some say it ' s a ploy to appeal to a mostly white fan base .   the owner claims it ' s not a ploy to win fans it ' s a ploy to lose games .   
in australia , a couple is getting married inside an ikea store . which means their marriage will likely fall apart in two years . 
scientists are testing a new product that ' s being referred to as " viagra for women . " the new product is called , " white wine . " 
president obama cancelled the halloween party at the white house .   obama canceled after hearing joe biden was coming as " slutty joe biden . " 
a company has come out with a kit that helps you carve pornographic images into a pumpkin .   the kit is being marketed under the name " the amish internet . " 
it ' s being reported that , although hurricane sandy damaged thousands of homes in new jersey , the house used on " jersey shore " was left completely undamaged . in other words – there is no god .   
the laptop used by bill clinton while he was president is up for sale .   just a tip , you might want to clean it first . 
there are rumors that the wife of north korean dictator kim jong - un is pregnant .   so finally , a successful missile launch from north korea . 
due to the tough economy , two of the world ' s biggest publishing houses have decided to merge .   in fact , they ' re only going to publish one book this year , " 50 shades of harry potter . " 
kelsey grammer said that he brought his 3 - month - old daughter to a playboy party because he couldn ' t find a good babysitter .   then again , most of kelsey grammer ' s marriages ended because he did find a good babysitter . 
in pennsylvania , a preacher is blaming hurricane sandy on homosexuals . which is weird , because if homosexuals created something that blew , they wouldn ' t have named it sandy .   
last night lady gaga dressed up as marijuana plant . twenty minutes later she realized it was halloween and ran home and put on a costume . 
today , rush limbaugh joked about president obama and chris christie being gay lovers .   obama and christie are furious and said they ' d give a formal response as soon as they get back from the caribbean . 
there are rumors that north korean leader kim jong - un ' s wife is pregnant . the sonogram shows a healthy boy who looks like a 40 - year - old lesbian . 
after selling star wars to disney , george lucas said he will donate the majority of the proceeds to charity .   lucas said he ' ll donate to star wars fans ' favorite cause , " grown - ups without partners . " 
brad pitt has donated $ 100 , 000 to back gay marriage .   today a spokesman for gay people said , " it ' s nice to think that brad pitt is behind us . " 
last night on the x - factor , khloe kardashian had a nip slip .   after hearing about it , people in the northeast said , " you know – maybe losing power isn ' t so bad . " 
scientists have discovered an elephant at a south korean zoo that can imitate human speech . so far , all the elephant has said is , " enough with the friggin peanuts . " 
it ' s being reported that steven tyler and his fiancée are breaking up .   the quote from the press release says , " my old lady and i just couldn ' t make it work , but i wish steven the best . " 
tomorrow is election day— it ' s the day that you decide whether , for the next four years we make jokes about president mitt romney or jokes about former governor mitt romney . 
in florida , the lines for early voting are nine hours long . which is too bad , because it ' s florida – a lot of those people don ' t have nine hours . 
in ohio yesterday , a man who heckled president obama was carried away by four police officers .   not because he was a danger , but because anytime you carry a person from ohio , you need four people . 
the end of the election means that negative political ads will finally stop .   after tomorrow , the only two people attacking each other on tv will be nicki minaj and mariah carey . 
this weekend , bristol palin ' s baby ' s daddy ,   levi johnston , married the mother of his new baby and wore camouflage at the ceremony . i guess levi wanted his wife and new baby to get used to not seeing him . 
the disney animated movie " wreck - it - ralph " was tops at the box office .   a lot of kids were disappointed , because " wreck it ralph " is about ralph nader and the 2000 election . 
last week , the mars rover stretched out its robotic arm and took a picture of itself .   in other words , america ' s greatest technological achievement has turned into a 14 - year - old girl with instagram .   
in austin , texas , a brawl broke out involving 17 strippers .   so , regardless of what happens tomorrow , america is still the greatest country on earth . 
today , president obama played a game of pick - up basketball . obama said , " listen , i ' m beating a white guy at something today . " 
yesterday , at an obama rally , jay - z altered some lyrics and sang , " i got 99 problems but a mitt ain ' t one . " well - that settles it— mitt romney is never going to listen to jay - z again . 
today , mitt and ann romney cast votes near their home in massachusetts .   then , they cast votes near their homes in virginia , ohio and florida .   
yesterday , president obama said his weakness is nachos .   then his advisor told him , " relax , you ' ve already got the hispanic vote . " 
at this moment ,   7 - 11 ' s presidential polling contest has president obama winning re - election . however , those results are being hotly disputed by polling experts at outback steakhouse . 
today , voters in california voted on whether actors in porn films have to wear condoms .   i ' m sorry , but i thought our forefathers decided this 200 years ago . 
in his victory speech last night , president obama told his daughters that they would not be getting another dog . when asked why , the president said , " because i just made mitt romney my bitch . " 
the president got 70% of the hispanic vote in colorado and nevada .   and in new hampshire , obama got the support of both latino guys . 
mitt romney did do well with certain voters . he had the support of men , people over 45 , and married women .   in other words , mitt romney had the support of mitt and ann romney . 
today one republican leader said his party is " too old , too white , and too male . " you can read the rest of his comments on his myspace page . 
yesterday , a kenyan woman gave birth to twin boys and named them barack obama and mitt romney .   obviously , she named the one that came out second mitt romney . 
during election coverage last night , hugh hefner tweeted , " it ' s just too close to predict how it ' s going to turn out . it ' s scary . "   of course - that ' s what hefner always tweets on his way to the bathroom . 
yesterday , maine and maryland approved gay marriage . and today , delaware confessed to being " bicurious . " 
a woman has published a novel that she wrote entirely on her blackberry . the novel is called , " i wish you were an iphone . " 
honey boo boo has a new pet chicken named " nugget . "   hopefully , things go better for " nugget " than they did for her pet pig , " delicious . " 
new study out of britain , according to a new study , one in three men can ' t see their penis because their bellies are too big . so that ' s my problem—my belly is too big . 
it ' s been reported that the morning after the election , mitt romney ' s family gathered to share a gallon of chocolate milk .   in other words , they took it much harder than we thought . you can see it all on the lamest episode ever of " intervention . " 
holiday season is upon us . it ' s just two weeks until thanksgiving , 7 weeks to christmas and 14 weeks before they ' re done counting votes in florida .   
they are still counting votes in florida .   they ' re still counting votes even though the election is no longer in doubt and the people who cast them are no longer living . 
secretary of state hillary clinton is likely to step down .   when he heard about it , bill clinton said , " great— just give me a heads up when she ' s on her way home . " 
taco bell is going to start selling nachos and chicken nuggets wrapped in a tortilla . in other words , thank god we ' re going to keep obamacare . 
a company has issued a credit card that is made of pure gold and embedded with 26 diamonds . even stranger , it ' s a chevron gas card . 
a representative from peta has written honey boo boo a letter urging her not to eat her new pet chicken .   so instead , honey boo boo ' s mom ate the representative from peta .   
as result of a new law requiring condoms the porn industry may move out of los angeles according to porn star james deen .   now just to clarify , jimmy dean is the sausage guy , james deen is the other sausage guy . 
the porn industry is angry about a new law requiring condoms and they ' re threatening to leave los angeles . let me tell you something porn—   you can leave los angeles , but you can never leave my hard drive . 
since general petraeus had an affair with his biographer , people are snapping up copies of the book . the book is available in hard cover and extremely hard cover . 
it ' s reported that the wife of former cia director david petraeus is " beyond furious " about his affair . mrs . petraeus said , " i guess he wasn ' t talking about iraq when he told me he was busy pulling out of a foreign territory . " 
david patraeus was reportedly not well - liked at the cia . tip fellas— don ' t cheat on your wife if you work with professional spies who don ' t like you . 
yesterday , paul ryan said president obama was re - elected because of the high turnout of " urban voters . " then when he was asked how he liked his coffee , ryan said , " no milk , no sugar , just urban . " 
arizona has elected the nation ' s first openly bi - sexual congresswoman .   yeah – apparently she did very well with swing voters . 
in africa , some teenagers created a generator that converts urine into electricity . if you think that ' s insane , you should see their bong . 
at a gas station in texas , a woman purchased what she thought was a $ 200 ipad that turned out to just be a mirror . let that be a lesson : make sure you buy your ipad from a reputable gas station . 
victoria ' s secret ' s in trouble with native americans after one of their models appeared on the runway in panties & a war bonnet .   victoria ' s secret apologized & said , " we didn ' t think anyone would look at her head . " 
today is wednesday , or as general petraeus calls it – hump day . 
according to a new study , humans may be gradually losing their intelligence . the study was conducted by watching 4 minutes of " here comes honey boo boo . " 
a petition for texas to secede from the united states has gotten over 25 , 000 signatures .   the signatures are from every state but texas . 
for the holidays , the makers of pringles are coming out with a white chocolate peppermint - flavored potato chip . in a related story , pfizer is coming out with cinnamon - flavored insulin . 
according to a new study of emergency rooms , the number one way people injure their genitals is riding their bicycle . also , the # 1 lie people tell in emergency rooms is " i was riding my bicycle . " 
arizona has elected the nation ' s first openly bi - sexual congresswoman . she ' s already promising to reach across the aisle and grab whatever ' s there . 
the man who got a romney / ryan tattoo on his face said he is " totally disappointed " with how the election turned out .   the man said he hasn ' t been this disappointed since he got that tramp stamp for the movie john carter . 
new research reveals the closer you live to a bar , the more likely you are to become a heavy drinker . and the closer you live to a dunkin ' donuts , the more likely you are to become the governor of new jersey . 
scientists have created synthetic plastic skin that can heal itself . the synthetic skin is being called " revolutionary " by doctors and " the perfect christmas gift " for bruce jenner . 
a prison inmate in oregon who shot his own jaw off has demanded that the state to pay for his surgery .   at least , that ' s what i think he said .   
according to new research by the journal of sexual medicine , size does matter when it comes to pleasing a woman in bed .   the study doesn ' t bother me , i just don ' t understand why it had to be cut out of the magazine and taped to my refrigerator . 
today is " cyber monday . " which means tomorrow is " i was drunk when i bought that crap " tuesday . 
a christian college is suing the obama administration over its healthcare law . they ' re citing the part in the bible where jesus refuses to heal a leper because it ' s a preexisting condition . 
the movie " lincoln " came in third at the box office this weekend . however , experts agree it ' s still not lincoln ' s worst time at the theater . 
the kid on the show " two and a half men , " actor agnus t . jones just gave an interview where he called the show " filth " and said it goes against his christian values . then he cashed a check for one million dollars . 
right here in burbank , they ' ve installed the world ' s first caviar vending machine .   it ' s all part of an initiative to cheer up mitt romney . 
a new study reveals that , contrary to popular belief , sex with a pregnant woman will not induce labor . damn — there goes my best pick - up line . 
according to a new study , the average american now weighs 176 pounds .   may not sound too bad to you – but the study was conducted at elementary schools .   
in florida , a 69 - year - old woman was arrested for stealing hundreds of dollars ' worth of lingerie . the authorities released her after she threatened to model the lingerie . 
well folks , only 28 more shopping days till we go off the fiscal cliff .   
the manufacturer of tastykakes is thinking of buying the company that makes twinkies and hoho ' s . so it looks like christmas came early for stoners everywhere . 
yesterday , the kid from the show " two and a half men , " actor angus t . jones said he wants to leave the show because it goes against his christian values . which by the way is the same reason charlie sheen left . 
a third man has accused the elmo puppeteer of engaging in underage sex . which explains why this christmas , sesame street ' s is replacing " tickle me elmo " with " may i see some id , elmo ? " 
in a new interview , bill clinton said that during his whole presidency , he only sent two emails . however , over two million white house emails were sent from somebody named bonerprez69 . 
today , at speaker of the house john boehner ' s office , a group of nude female protesters stormed in . boehner said he ' s not sure what they ' re protesting , but he ' ll definitely keep doing it . 
air new zealand has unveiled a " hobbit " themed airplane . but of course , real " hobbit " fans only fly virgin . 
mexico ' s new president said his country ' s problems with the us aren ' t just about drugs and security issues . he said it ' s really about america ' s insistence that taco bell is mexican food . 
a new study shows that porn actresses have higher self - esteem than other women .   the study was conducted by a guy who ' s trying to talk his girlfriend into making a sex tape . 
president obama has invited mitt romney to lunch at the white house tomorrow . in a related story , romney sent an email to all his donors with the heading , " see ! i am headed to the white house . " 
mitt romney is going to meet president obama at the white house tomorrow . and after 3 weeks of dealing with the benghazi scandal & the fiscal cliff , obama ' s prepared to offer him a position in the administration – president of the united states . 
hillary clinton said the person who had the most profound effect on her was nelson mandela .   bill clinton said he relates to nelson mandela because he too has been denied freedom for decades . 
starbucks is selling a new , rare coffee that costs $ 7 a cup . you can order the $ 7 coffee by going to starbucks and asking for their cheapest cup of coffee . 
the new ceo of yahoo said that her priorities are " god , family and yahoo – in that order . " when reached for comment , god and her family said , " i think she should worry more about yahoo . " 
apple has fired the manager who was responsible for the faulty mapping app on the iphone . apparently , after he was fired , he asked for a letter of recommendation and directions home .       
a wide receiver for the chicago bears claims nfl players use viagra to give them " an edge . "   apparently , it comes in handy when it ' s fourth and inches .   
it was reported today that dr . dre makes twice as much money as justin bieber .   mainly because of dr . dre ' s lucrative dermatology practice .   
a woman in florida beat up her boyfriend because he had an orgasm too quickly . by the way , guys – this is officially the worst way to get your name in the paper . 
powerball officials said that two people had the right numbers to win the $ 580 million jackpot . so , congratulations to the lucky winners , mitt and ann romney ! 
today , mitt romney had lunch with president obama . there was an awkward moment when the bill came and obama only offered to pay 47% . 
president obama did have lunch at the white house with mitt romney .   there was an awkward moment when romney looked around and said , " so , how much do you want for the place ? " 
the man who got the mitt romney face tattoo is having it removed because he says romney " has no dignity . " then someone explained once you have a face tattoo , you ' re no longer allowed to talk about dignity . 
scientists have named a new species of fish after bill clinton . earlier today , hilary clinton caught the fish and had it de - boned . 
lindsay lohan was arrested for repeatedly punching a woman in the face at a manhattan nightclub . lindsay said she only used her fists because her car wouldn ' t fit through the club door . 
a ny police officer has become famous after a picture surfaced of him giving shoes to a homeless man in times square . the police officer said , " it felt like the right thing to do " and nicolas cage said , " thanks for the shoes . " 
residents in zurich , switzerland voted to allow drive - thru sex booths . word to the wise , do not get confused at the window and order " mcnuggets . " 
the author of " the hunger games " is coming out with a new book for young children . it ' s called " horton hears a who , and then murders it with a crossbow " 
the mayor of a serbian village created a panic when he announced that a vampire was on the loose . people were running around in a panic screaming , " our mayor is an idiot . " 
a new survey shows that almost 70% of married women would choose sleeping over sex with their husband . when i told my wife this she said , " i don ' t understand the distinction . 
the obamas have decorated the white house with 54 christmas trees .   it ' s all part of their , " for the last time , we ' re not muslim " campaign . 
it ' s official : prince william and kate middleton are expecting . they don ' t know whether it ' s going to be a boy or a girl , but they do know it ' s not going to work a day in its life . 
this morning , the vatican announced that the pope is on twitter . the pope ' s only been on twitter for about 15 hours and he ' s already called chris brown a douchebag . 
gay groups are apparently angry at former president clinton because he hasn ' t come out in favor of gay marriage .   however , clinton said he ' d be willing to have two lesbians come by and try and convince him . 
in its first report , the mars rover says it has found a number of chemicals on mars but none of them capable of sustaining life . however they are the ingredients used to make a doritos locos taco . 
it ' s the 20th anniversary of the sending of the first text message , which was " merry christmas . " it ' s also the 20th anniversary of the first reply , which was , " r u horny ? " 
lindsay lohan said she does not need rehab because she has no problems with alcohol .   however , lindsay did admit that her car is a total drunk .   
according to new research , most women are happy with the size of their man ' s penis .   the study was conducted with their man still in the room . 
86 year old hugh hefner is engaged   to a 26 year old playmate and they ' re getting married on new year ' s eve . friends say that hef ' s fiancée is busy planning the wedding while hef is busy remaining alive .   
over the weekend , the nominations for the annual porn awards came out . i don ' t want to sound bitter , but who do you have to blow to get one of those ? 
since losing the election mitt romney is reportedly bored .   after hearing this , ann romney said , " you ' re bored ?   i ' m sitting around all day with mitt romney . 
former vice president dick cheney is writing a book about his health problems . the book is called , " life of too much pi . " 
one of the leaders of the tea party has resigned after a major split in the movement . the tea party is now divided between " angry whites " and " even angrier whites . " 
new mom snooki says she wants to give baby advice to kate middleton . snooki said her # 1 tip is , " find out who the father is . " 
federal officials announced they will allow disney to purchase george lucas ' s company . officials were initially worried that it would create a monopoly , but then obi - wan waved his hand in front of them , and suddenly it was cool . 
kim kardashian has been touring the middle east , touching off angry protests among conservative muslims . funny – you ' d think conservative muslims would be happy to see a woman who ' s never had a job . 
in russia , there was a 125 - mile traffic jam that had drivers stuck in traffic for over 3 days . here in los angeles , that ' s known as " friday . " 
chris brown was photographed in amsterdam with three joints in his mouth . brown was so high , he almost hit a man . 
the ceo of the olive garden blames his company ' s low profits on obamacare . which is odd , because most people won ' t eat at the olive garden until they have health insurance . 
the irs seized lindsay lohan ' s bank account because she owes $ 233 , 000 in back taxes . they were going to take her car , too , but they couldn ' t get it out of the tree . 
starbucks is introducing a $ 450 gift card .   it ' s good for two small coffees and a josh groban cd . 
nasa has announced plans for a much cheaper version of the mars rover . in fact to cut costs , on the next mars mission , the rover will have a layover in atlanta . 
it ' s been reported that , in 2012 , a record number of people named their babies after apple products . it ' s the perfect way to tell your newborn child , " we ' re planning to replace you in 6 months . " 
parents are naming their children after apple products . take it from me – it ' s not a good idea to name your kids after gadgets , just ask my son , zune . 
mercedes is developing technology to let you look at facebook on your car windshield . it ' s perfect for everyone who wants to get " poked " by an oncoming 18 - wheeler . 
big news in the nba – the new orleans hornets want to change their name to the pelicans .   meanwhile , the la lakers want to change their name to the " guys who ' ve banged a kardashian . " 
scientists announced they have found the world ' s oldest dinosaur . it had a collar on it that read , " if lost , please return to larry king . " 
mike tyson said that he once walked in on his wife having sex with brad pitt . in a related story , brad pitt said mike tyson once saw him crap his pants . 
the latest rumor in hollywood is that lindsay lohan is getting advice from mel gibson . you can tell she ' s listening to mel because today lindsay crashed her car into a bagel shop . 
yesterday , barbara walters announced that honey boo boo is one of her most fascinating people of 2012 . then barbara said , " i can ' t do this shit anymore " and retired . 
well chanukah begins this saturday – chanukah is of course the jewish holiday that lasts for 8 different spellings . 
as of today washington state has legalized both marijuana and gay marriage . so today , men all over washington have two different reasons to say " i love you man . " 
the grammy nominations came out today and south korean youtube sensation psy was not nominated .   so now we ' ll never know which of his songs he would ' ve performed .     
michelle obama & bill clinton were grammy - nominated in the category " best spoken word album . " michelle was nominated for the audio version of her book , " american grown , " bill clinton was nominated for the audio version of " 50 shades of grey . " 
earlier today , new jersey governor chris christie visited the white house .   president obama told him , " i ' d invite you to lunch but the deficit is already too high . " 
the governor of arizona punched a reporter who asked her about global warming . afterwards , she apologized and said , " sorry , i ' m a little touchy because it ' s almost christmas and it ' s 135 degrees out . " 
in germany , a man has taken a woman to court claiming she tried to smother him with her breasts .   the man is asking for $ 20 , 000 or for the woman to do it again . 
the international olympic committee has stripped india of its right to participate in the games .   in response , india said , " fine— just try logging onto your computers now . " 
a new study shows that women reach orgasm more easily when their lover ' s penis exceeds the average size of 5 . 8 inches .   meanwhile , a man reaches orgasm more easily when the woman isn ' t trying to measure his penis . 
happy chanukah— chanukah lasts 8 days and 8 nights . however , if your chanukah lasts longer than that , consult your doctor . 
over the weekend , mitt romney met manny pacquaio just before pacquaio lost his boxing match to juan manual marquez .   afterwards , romney told pacquaio , " you lost for the same reason i did — young hispanics . " 
on saturday night , mitt romney , snooki and steven seagal were all spotted at the boxing match .   apparently , the whole crowd was made up of people that we won ' t remember in three years .   
nasa has hired prison inmates to build satellite parts . it ' s part of nasa ' s new program to search for signs of life in the universe and then make them our bitch . 
over the weekend , hundreds of men took part in boston ' s annual " santa speedo run . " in other words , no one in boston is going to be happy this year with their " christmas package . " 
taylor swift turns 23 this week . taylor said she ' s at that age where she wants to settle down , then break up and then write a hit song about it . 
the other night on the x - factor , britney spears said a 13 - year - old contestant reminds her of herself .   the 13 - year - old thanked britney for her comment and immediately quit show business . 
a store in new york has a service that allows customers to scan their penis and then print out a 3d replica .   my question is — do they do enlargements ?   
when it comes to solving the fiscal cliff , washington insiders describe john boehner as " firm but hopeful . "   in response , boehner ' s wife said , " then they ' ve got less than 3 minutes to settle this thing . " 
according to a new poll , most americans think that santa claus is a democrat . which is odd , because when you think " fat old white man who hires unskilled labor , " you think " republican . " 
just 5 days left of hanukah for my jewish friends , just 14 days left till christmas for my christian friends and just 10 days left to live for my mayan friends .   
for the first time ever , sesame street is going to be tackling the issue of divorce .   they want to make it clear , that it ' s never the child ' s fault , and ernie and bert will remain friends . 
today , the ceo of yahoo announced a faster , simpler version of " yahoo mail . " it ' s called " gmail . " 
the government suspects that the makers of some apps are stealing private information from children . the most suspicious children ' s app is one called " dora the pin number explorer . " 
this year , over 1500 soldiers were kicked out of the armed forces for being overweight . also , half our fighter pilots are now being charged for two seats . 
according to a global study , american kids are way behind asian kids in math and science . but don ' t worry— american kids are still way head in buying stuff made by asian kids . 
nick cannon said that he and his wife mariah carey have sex to mariah carey music .   which goes to show you , guys will do anything to have sex . 
sorry , my voice is a little shot . i blew it out last night at a one direction concert . 
it ' s 12 - 12 - 12 . 12 - 12 - 12 is not only the date - but also the results from the kardashian sister ' s iq test . 
president george w . bush is going to be a grandfather for the first time .   bush said he doesn ' t care whether it ' s a boy or a girl , as long as he doesn ' t have to share his legos with it . 
in new jersey , democrats fear the republican governor chris christie will be impossible to beat .   it ' s unclear if they are talking about the 2013 governor ' s race or the coney island hot dog eating contest .   
last night , the spice girls musical debuted in london . so , it turns out the mayans were off by just a few weeks . 
a top vatican scientist has announced that , despite the mayan calendar , the world will not end on december 21st . the vatican scientist then went back to his regular work : proving tornadoes are caused by gay people . 
according to the census bureau , white people will not be the majority in the us by the year 2043 .   so this is even more bad news for the national hockey league .   
scientists say they have found evidence of cheese being made 7 , 500 years ago . the evidence was found at a 7 - 11 nacho bar . 
fashion designers have come out with a new kind of leggings for men , called " meggings . " they ' re expected to be most popular with a group of men called " mouchebags . " 
everybody i run into lately is talking about the end of the world . they ' re not believers in the mayan apocalypse – they ' re laker fans . 
google just implemented changes that will make it more difficult to find porn on the internet .   the announcement was made by google ' s new ceo— my wife . 
during last night ' s 12 / 12 / 12 concert for victims of hurricane sandy , kanye west performed while wearing a leather skirt . so now they ' re having a benefit concert for people who had to see that . 
in a new interview , new jersey governor chris christie says he has hired a personal trainer . they ' re starting slow – the trainer makes christie do only 5 laps around the cinnabon before going in . 
pope benedict has come out with a children ' s book .   the book is called , " stay the hell away from father o ' malley . " 
today is taylor swift ' s 23rd birthday .   taylor said she just wants to spend a quiet evening at home breaking up with someone .   
sarah palin ' s son track has filed for divorce from his wife .   well , good luck finding another woman willing to say , " i love you , track . " 
scientists now believe that homosexuality is passed down directly from father to daughter , and mother to son . so it ' s time to face the facts – your dad is a lesbian . 
sesame street is going to be tackling the topic of divorce . you can tell it ' s a tense episode because cookie monster now sings " c - is for cheating whore . " 
" the hobbit " came out last weekend ; it ' s the story of a small man wandering around with a ring . that ' s right – it ' s about tom cruise ' s search for a new wife . 
" the hobbit " came out on friday and some critics are saying it ' s too long . in fact , one critic was so angry he walked out only two days into the film .   
just three days after its launch , apple sold more than two million iphone 5s in china . so even in china , the best gifts are always the ones your kids make . 
over the weekend , two men got engaged at the white house . so i guess the talks between obama / boehner are going better than expected . 
over the weekend , a man was arrested trying to break into taylor swift ' s house . it ' s a good thing police arrived , because if there ' s one thing we know taylor ' s not good at , it ' s holding onto a man . 
last month many residents of denver colorado claim they saw a ufo in the sky . keep in mind , last month colorado voted to legalize marijuana . 
the hacker who leaked nude pictures of scarlett johansson was sentenced to ten years .   yeah – ten years of awesomeness ! 
it just came out that the mcrib sandwich is not actually made from rib meat . in fact , the mcrib ' s original name was the " mc - stuff - that - didn ' t - make - it - into - the - mcnugget . " 
according to a new study , people addicted to internet porn have short term memory loss . the study also found that people addicted to internet porn have short term memory loss .     
sorry my voice is a little bit shot . i ' ve been christmas caroling with metallica . 
well , in just a couple days , most of us are going to have a week of vacation .   i plan to spend my entire week watching " the hobbit . " 
time magazine named president obama the person of the year .   the editor said they gave it to obama for winning re - election , passing obamacare , and being the last person in america to subscribe to time magazine . 
some conservatives are accusing hillary clinton of faking her recent concussion . bill clinton defended her , saying , " hey , when hillary fakes something , i know it . " 
the founder of domino ' s pizza is suing the government because he says obamacare goes against his pro - life principles . the dominos founder said , " i believe life begins at conception , and ends with a heart attack at 59 . " 
iran ' s   supreme leader , ayatollah khamenei has joined facebook . and you thought facebook was over when your parents joined… 
according to a new study , people with type 2 diabetes can reverse their condition with proper diet and lots of exercise . so , in other words , america is still no closer to a cure for type 2 diabetes . 
historians now think that the ancient egyptian pharaoh ramses iii , who ruled 3000 years ago , was actually murdered .   police are currently questioning their prime suspect – larry king . 
at a zoo in china , a tropical bird has been shouting " f you " at visitors . in a related story , quentin tarantino ' s parrot is missing . 
in south carolina , a man was arrested for stealing a blow - up doll of miley cyrus . however , the man ' s alibi is at the time of the robbery , he was at home with his wife , " styrofoam jessica simpson . " 
according to the mayans , the world is ending friday . so , here ' s how i look at it , we can either do a show right now or have the world ' s first televised orgy . 
according to the mayans , the world is going to end tomorrow . of course , for me , it ended with the series finale of " gossip girl . " 
kim kardashian & kanye west have turned down a magazine ' s offer of $ 3 million for an exclusive on their baby photos . kim said , " the first glimpse of our child is a private affair between me and the viewers of the e ! network . " 
tickets to president obama ' s inauguration have sold out . at least that ' s what the president is telling joe biden . 
secretary of state hillary clinton returned to work today and as a joke her staff gave her a helmet .   this is the second time a clinton in government has been asked to wear protection .   
tonight , notre dame plays alabama in the bcs championship game .   i was home for the holidays so i ' ve had quite enough of the fighting irish .   
after 113 days , the national hockey league has settled its contract dispute .   so finally , americans can get back to not watching hockey . 
this week a company introduced a computer that the whole family can use and it ' s the size of a coffee table . this new computer of the future is called " the commodore 64 . " 
a newspaper in china is going on strike to protest the government ' s censorship . or as china ' s other newspapers reported it , " everything is fine - get back to work . " 
new york city taxi drivers are now being trained on how to spot and identify a hooker .   which is good because if there ' s one thing hookers have perfected it ' s not being noticed by passing motorists . 
last week , photos surfaced of justin bieber smoking marijuana . fans of justin bieber were really were upset and fans of marijuana were really embarrassed . 
last night , alabama won the national championship by defeating notre dame 42 - 14 .   irish people haven ' t been this depressed since all the time .   
after 113 days , the national hockey league has settled its contract dispute .   by the way , the last time americans went 113 days without watching hockey , it was during last year ' s hockey season . 
a political opponent is accusing new jersey governor chris christie of praying for hurricane sandy .   in response , christie said , " the only weather - related thing i ' ve ever prayed for is a dairy queen blizzard . " 
the university of arizona is now offering a degree in hip - hop . so far , the major ' s most popular class is , " intro to bitches . " 
al roker said that during a visit to the white house , " i pooped my pants . "   he ' s the first person to soil his pants at the white house since hillary clinton came home early and surprised bill . 
according to a new poll , congress is less popular than head lice , nickelback and donald trump . in a related story , head lice is insulted it ' s being lumped in with donald trump and nickelback . 
in california , thieves broke into a microsoft office and only stole the apple ipads .   today , a spokesman for microsoft said , " they ' re not just thieves , they ' re also dicks . " 
a man in oregon has brewed a beer made just for dogs . finally – a way to get dogs to lower their sexual inhibitions ! 
this year ' s consumer electronics show includes a fork that tells you when you ' re eating too fast .   in a related story – today chris christie was spotted yelling at his fork to " mind its own business . " 
apple may be making a less expensive version of their iphone . they ' re calling it " a samsung . " 
there ' s a new weight - loss machine that will suck food from your stomach . the machine is called " your index finger . " 
the movie " lincoln " received 12 oscar nominations .   you know what that means : sequel ! 
a 9 - year - old girl was nominated for an oscar - making her the youngest nominee ever .   she says she ' s dreamed of winning an oscar ever since last week .   
during next week ' s inauguration , president obama will be sworn in with not one , but two bibles . i just want to take a second to say— relax mr . president , we get it— you ' re not a muslim . 
it ' s been reported that tickets to president obama ' s inauguration are being scalped on craigslist for $ 2000 . 00 . if you ' re interested , send an email to viceprezjoeb @ gmail . com . 
justin bieber is being sued for allegedly beating up his ex - bodyguard . which begs the question : who hires a bodyguard that justin bieber can beat up ? 
new jersey governor chris christie is on the cover of time magazine . well , some of him is . 
the mayor of washington , dc , says he wants the washington redskins to change their name to something less offensive .   so they are changing it to the maryland redskins .   
some mcdonald ' s are now replacing the toy that came in happy meals with a book . the title of the book is , " being a kid in 2013 blows . " 
there ' s a new trend of pregnant women trying to induce labor by having sex in the delivery room . in a related story , there ' s a new trend of babies being born and saying , " good god— what the hell was that ! " 
the university of arizona now offers a degree in hip - hop . trust me— that ' s one class where you don ' t want to cheat off the asian kid . 
today los angeles reached record low temperatures – in some areas in the low 30 ' s . when reached for comment , the rest of the country said , " just keep making tv shows you pussies . " 
residents of los angeles have been unprepared for the bitter cold . apparently , kim kardashian wore so many layers today that people thought she was khloe . 
during an emotional speech last night at the golden globes , jodie foster said she was gay , fifty and friends with mel gibson . afterwards , her publicist told jodie , " i ' m going to need a raise . " 
mel gibson attended the golden globes . he was nominated in the category " most uncomfortable sitting between the speilbergs and the weinsteins . " 
president obama is coming under a lot of criticism that his new administration has less diversity than his first one . which is why this morning obama said , " alright fine , i am a muslim . " 
president obama ' s half - brother is running for political office in kenya . donald trump has already accused him of being born in the u . s . 
there ' s a new app that shows you how alcohol will age you . when i was a kid , we did this by looking at our father . 
over the weekend , the miss america pageant was won by a woman from brooklyn .   she was the first winner to stroll down the runway and say , " hey— i ' m walking here . " 
at orlando international airport , a female passenger slapped a female tsa agent after an invasive pat - down . officials have demanded that the incident be investigated , and then rebroadcast on pay - per - view . 
in japan , men who are cheating on their partners are using a special phone called " the infidelity phone . " or as arnold schwarzenegger calls it , " a phone . " 
steven tyler and his fiancée have reportedly split up . the fiancée explained that she " just wants to date other old gypsy women . " 
a company has developed a vending machine that sells marijuana .   in a related story , the recession is over . 
it ' s freezing here in los angeles – it ' s so cold , this morning lindsay lohan intentionally crashed her car into a blanket store . 
we ' re currently experiencing record cold temperatures in los angeles .   the city is almost as cold as the lakers ' starting five . 
oprah winfrey said she conducted an " intense " 2 and a half hour interview with lance armstrong .   oprah winfrey said she never would have had the stamina if lance hadn ' t given her a little something to keep going . 
president obama told congress it must raise our debt limit , because the us is " not a deadbeat nation . " then the president added , " by the way – if china calls , i ' m not here ! " 
yesterday , supreme court justice clarence thomas spoke during a court session for the first time in seven years . it ' s already being called the best " that ' s what she said " joke ever . 
wal - mart announced plans to hire 100 , 000 us veterans .   which can only mean one thing : wal - mart is going to invade costco . 
a survivalist group is trying to build a gated community which would house up to 7 , 000 like - minded families . they ' re calling this conservative compound , " orange county . " 
the makers of a star wars video game are now introducing a new version that features a " gay planet . " also , now the game begins with the words , " a long time ago , like , sooo last week… " 
in an interview , actress megan fox compared fame to being bullied in high school . i agree – i ' ll never forget that day when jocks cornered me in the gym and paid me millions of dollars to star in " transformers . " 
after a long cold spell , it ' s finally starting to warm up here in los angeles .     in fact , the only thing still frozen in this town is bruce jenner ' s face .   
it ' s been reported that if you ' re playing angry birds , the company is tracking your location . this may seem silly to you but it ' s actually how we got bin laden .   
at a recent auction , leonardo dicaprio won a night with bill clinton . the versatile performer , who ' s known in hollywood as a major ladies ' man , says he can ' t wait to meet leo dicaprio . 
a health advocacy group has criticized the cheesecake factory for offering meals that contain over 3 , 000 calories . today , the ceo of the cheesecake factory said , " what part of " factory of cheese and cake " don ' t you understand ? " 
the director of " zero dark thirty , " has come out against torture . and in a related story , the director of " lincoln " has come out against going to the theater in 1865 . 
an american worker was arrested for paying someone in china to do his job for him . the man is being called " lazy , " " irresponsible , " and " three years ahead of his time . " 
the new version of myspace officially launched yesterday . you can read all about it on aol . 
dunkin ' donuts is planning to expand into southern california . if that happens , people in southern california will expand into arizona . 
in a new interview , arnold schwarzenegger said he is " very proud " of his children . then he added , " at least the ones i ' ve met . "   
subway ' s facing backlash from angry customers who are complaining about the foot long sub only being 11 inches .     subway , i know what you ' re going through .   
after being stripped of his of his tour de france wins , today , lance armstrong was told he has to give back his olympic bronze medal . even worse , tomorrow they ' re going to take away his latin grammy . 
the international olympic committee is going to strip lance armstrong of his bronze medal .   of course the real scandal here is that the guy was on steroids and he only came in third . 
notre dame football player manti te ' o is caught up in a scandal about his having an imaginary girlfriend . he ' s being accused of fraud , deception , and plagiarizing me in high school . 
some say the hoax involving manti te ' o ' s girlfriend could harm his ranking in the draft . on the other hand , it could open up an entirely new branch of " fantasy football . " 
sources say that tiger woods wants to re - marry his ex - wife and may be willing to agree to a no - cheating clause .   this special clause would be known as a " wedding vow . " 
a new study shows that nyc is doing better than la at eliminating childhood obesity . mostly because , in new york , they force the fat kids to move out and become the governor of new jersey . 
yesterday mark zuckerberg demonstrated how facebook ' s new search engine can help single people find other singles . then someone had to explain to zuckerberg , facebook is not for finding new partners , it ' s for stalking old ones . 
a group of nutritionists criticized the cheesecake factory for offering a pasta dish that has over 3 , 000 calories . after hearing about it , a spokesperson for the olive garden said , " what the hell is pasta ? " 
kim kardashian says she will not allow cameras into the delivery room . she said , " that private part of my body is reserved for my boyfriend and anyone who owns a computer . "   
in his inaugural address , president obama said , " america ' s possibilities are limitless . " unfortunately , at that moment lance armstrong shouted out , " that ' s what i used to think . " 
today marked the first time a president used the word " gay " in an inauguration speech .   it was the part of the speech where obama pointed to the washington monument and said , " whoever designed that must have been pretty gay . " 
president obama said his second term will be a chance to finish what he started . then he got out his iphone and downloaded the last two seasons of " sons of anarchy . " 
vice president joe biden was also sworn in for his second term today . biden swore on a bible to uphold the constitution and to " keep doing whatever it is i do . " 
during the inauguration , a teenage boy was spotted flirting with malia obama . at this moment , the boy is being flown to a remote location in afghanistan . 
people are complaining that katy perry wore a very revealing outfit at the kids ' inaugural ball on saturday . at least now people know why bill clinton was at the kids ' inaugural ball . 
for the first time ever , both super bowl teams are coached by brothers . today , their father told them , " boys , no matter what happens , i ' ll only be disappointed in one of you . " 
katie couric will interview notre dame linebacker manti te ' o about his " imaginary girlfriend . "   te ' o says he ' s not only being interviewed by couric , they ' re also dating . 
a new study claims that having a sexist father can put a damper on the daughter ' s ambitions . in other words , don ' t expect big things from ashley ahmadinejad . 
here in california , they ' re about to open the world ' s first hotel made entirely of legos . it ' s expected to do better than last year ' s " jenga bed and breakfast . " 
" harry potter " star daniel radcliffe is in a new movie where he appears in some gay sex scenes . it ' s called " harry potter & the prison shower of azkaban . " 
at the inaugural ball , president obama was caught doing some very stiff and awkward dance moves .   in other words , obama is already reaching out to republicans . 
some people believe supreme court justice samuel alito fell asleep during yesterday ' s inauguration . in fact , cameras briefly caught the other justices laughing and drawing penises on alito ' s face . 
yesterday , richard blanco became america ' s first openly gay latino inauguration poet . afterwards , blanco said , " i ' m living proof that anyone can overcome the obstacle of being a poet . " 
a new report says obesity rates are climbing among the young people of china . ok , chinese students – beating the united states in math and science is one thing , but now it ' s personal . 
video game maker atari has filed for bankruptcy . atari fans are so upset , they ' re organizing a massive letter - writing campaign to president reagan . 
in a new sex survey , 40% of couples say they have sex 3 or 4 times a week .   the other 60% are married . 
for 49 cents , mcdonald ' s is giving customers the option to add bacon to any order .   not to be outdone , olive garden announced that for 50 cents , they will add italian food to any order . 
johnny depp is reportedly single after his girlfriend left him for another woman .   depp said he ' s both deeply hurt and aroused .   
lindsay lohan has turned down an offer to appear on " dancing with the stars . "   lohan said , " if i want to see the stars , i ' ll crash into a telephone pole . " 
there ' s a photo from the inauguration in which former president bill clinton appears to be checking out kelly clarkson .   clinton said , " that ' s not true , i was checking out beyonce and kelly clarkson got in the way . " 
steven tyler defended beyoncé after she lip - synced at president obama ' s inauguration . tyler said , " i know how she feels , i did the same thing at the harry truman inauguration . " 
arnold schwarzenegger has signed on to a new " terminator " film . due to his age , this one features the catchphrase , " i ' ll be back right after ‘wheel of fortune . ' " 
in japan , a senior official is in trouble for saying that , in order to save money , elderly people should , " hurry up and die . "   of course , if he loses his job , he has a bright future writing mother ' s day cards . 
in florida , a naked man broke into a home , emptied out the vacuum cleaner and then pleasured himself . in a related story , dyson has a new spokesman ! 
yesterday , hillary clinton was grilled by congressmen about the attack on benghazi .   then out of habit , she grilled them about where they were last night and who ' s this " megan ? " 
apple has reported a drop in profits this past quarter . experts warn that , if things don ' t pick up soon , apple could run out of money 600 years from now . 
the pentagon has decided to allow women to serve in combat . the hope is that we can now finally defeat the taliban by giving them the silent treatment . 
north korea said it will test a rocket that they hope will hit the united states . in other words , watch your back , middle of the pacific ocean ! 
the pope is urging catholics to use facebook and twitter because he says that they are " portals of truth . "   then he tweeted , " these doritos locos tacos are mad good . " 
big news in the nba – the new orleans hornets have announced plans to change their name to the new orleans pelicans .   meanwhile , the lakers want to change their name to the clippers . 
turns out , the practical joker who posed as manti te ' o girlfriend was a man who used a high falsetto voice . i ' m sorry , but this time , i think adam sandler has gone too far . 
the fda has approved the very first robot doctor .   when asked about it , the robot doctor said , " i ' m sorry – we don ' t take your insurance . " 
a new study says 84% of american parents lie to their children regularly . the most common lie told by fathers is , " i ' m too tired to play , " and the most common lie told by mothers is , " yes , he ' s your father . " 
nj gov . chris christie has rejected an increase to the minimum wage .   as result , christie got a lot of dirty looks today when he went to mcdonald ' s , arbys , wendys , burger king and long john silvers . 
a secret service dog died during a fundraiser where vice president joe biden was giving a speech . the dog is being described as " lucky . " 
the ceo of barnes and noble said that , because of the internet , they are being forced to close up to a third of their stores . then he said , " good luck using the bathroom at amazon . com . " 
iran has successfully sent a monkey into space . iran is calling it a huge advancement in not letting women drive . 
due to the recession , many states are considering selling off the names of public facilities to corporations . i just want to say , i find that disgusting , and so does andy " extreme ranch doritos " richter . 
a fan is suing the san antonio spurs because , at the game he attended , the star players were benched . meanwhile , in la , a fan is suing the lakers because at the game he attended , the star players played . 
jackie harbaugh , the mother of the two team ' s coaches , says she would really like the super bowl to end in a tie . however , just to be safe , she ' s got 20 grand on the ravens . 
a specially programmed computer has predicted the 49ers to win over the ravens in the super bowl this year . so , earlier today , that computer was stabbed by ray lewis . 
it ' s being reported that korean pop star psy will appear in a super bowl commercial . and then , finally , he will go away forever . 
earlier today , secretary of state hillary clinton took questions on facebook .   then afterwards , bill clinton showed her how to erase her browser history .   
there ' s a campaign to change kentucky ' s state slogan to " kentucky kicks ass . " this replaces their current state slogan , " at least we ' re not alabama . " 
today , the secretary of transportation announced he ' s stepping down .   when asked why , he said , " my commute is a bitch . " 
this weekend , pope benedict xvi released a dove from his window , only to see it get viciously attacked by a seagull . so , either there is no god , or there is a god and he ' s hilarious . 
taco bell announced that they will be releasing cool ranch doritos locos tacos . this is part of taco bell ' s ongoing plan to combine mexican food with every snack at the gas station . 
ben and jerry ' s has announced a new flavor based on a popular tv show . it ' s a nice idea , but i ' m not sure people are going to want scoop of " law & order : special victims yogurt . " 
the super bowl is sunday ; quick poll : how many of you are rooting for the ravens ?   how many for the 49ers ?   and who ' s going to blow the whole thing off to watch downton abbey ? 
the head coaches for this super bowl are two brothers jim and john harbaugh .   their mom promises , whatever the outcome , she plans on calling the loser after the game and telling him he ' s adopted . 
china is launching their own version of the tv show " friends " . in the chinese version , 6 attractive young people live together in an ipad factory . 
in colorado , a high school math teacher has been suspended after she tweeted half - nude photos of herself .   in her defense , the math teacher was trying to teach the kids fractions .     
a new study has found that leafy greens are the leading cause of food poisoning . so americans have nothing to worry about . 
a photo has surfaced of justin bieber groping a fan ' s breast .   bieber said , " i wasn ' t groping the breast , i ' m still breast - feeding . " 
sorry if i ' m a little down . i lost $ 200 in last night ' s super bowl – i bet on " electricity . " 
during the super bowl last night there was a 35 minute blackout .   afterwards , lindsay lohan said , " so that wasn ' t just me ? " 
after the game , super bowl mvp joe flacco announced his wife is pregnant .   apparently , he went against nfl rules and impregnated the woman he ' s married to . 
one super bowl ad that tested very poorly with both men and women was the godaddy ad with the supermodel making out with the nerd .   in fact , the only person who liked that ad was the nerd . 
u . s . employers just added 157 , 000 jobs to the economy . of course , most of those were back up dancers for beyonce . 
mcdonald ' s is now selling " fish mcbites , " - pieces of fried seafood . when asked how much actual fish is in a ‘fish mcbite , ' a mcdonald ' s spokesman said " i can ' t mchear you . " 
a new study reveals that straight men who watch porn are more likely to support same - sex marriage . the study also found that straight men who don ' t watch porn are lying .   
during the ravens ' super bowl celebration , the super bowl trophy went missing .   coach john harbaugh immediately called his mother and said , " mom make jim give it back . " 
after the game , super bowl mvp joe flacco announced his wife is pregnant .   in response , dan marino said , " i can explain . " 
a justice department memo claims that president obama has the right to order the assassination of an american anywhere in the world .   in a related story , donald trump has gone into hiding . 
north korea has released a propaganda video using the song " we are the world . "   at this rate , north korea may soon have the technical knowledge to solve the rubik ' s cube . 
according to a new report , the us is number one in plastic surgery worldwide with over 3 million procedures performed a year .   number two is brazil and number three is bruce jenner . 
a recent study found that a man ' s sperm count will be lowered if he watches more than 20 hours of television a week . or – 20 minutes of the " the view . "   
scientists have found the remains of england ' s 15th century king richard iii under a parking lot . unfortunately , they couldn ' t find his ticket so he ' ll be charged the day rate . 
adult film star coco brown will be the first porn star in space .   nasa officials admitted they are a little worried that the rocket she ' s riding may blast off prematurely .   
next year ' s super bowl takes place in new jersey and the nfl says it wants to prevent another blackout .   this will involve keeping gov . chris christie away from his microwave . 
beyonce ' s publicist is busy trying to get seven unflattering photos of beyonce removed from the internet . the publicist is described by friends as " hard - working " and " new to the internet . " 
a member of congress is criticizing steven spielberg after he discovered parts of the movie " lincoln " are historically inaccurate . particularly the scene where lincoln dies in the mouth of a great white shark . 
breast augmentation surgery is now the most common plastic surgery procedure in the us . however , guys , it ' s still not a great last - minute valentine ' s day gift . 
there ' s a new smartphone app that lets you communicate with your house plants . the app is called " iwilldiealone . " 
yesterday , the kansas supreme court ruled that strippers can collect unemployment .   however , they cannot ask the clerk at the unemployment office to " make it rain . " 
that ' s right – strippers can now collect unemployment . of course , if you ' re a stripper who can ' t get work , you ' re probably in the wrong profession . 
cbs is warning grammy performers against wearing anything that will expose their breasts . this warning is aimed primarily at cee lo . 
the justice department is saying that president obama can order drone strikes on american citizens . and in a related story , this is the last obama joke i ' m ever doing on this show . 
asked about gay marriage , donald trump said , " it ' s not my thing . " he went on to say , " marriage is a sacred bond between a man and a woman he will replace in six years . " 
as of today , the us senate has a record number of african - american senators…two .   in other words , there are now more african - americans in the senate than at a mumford and sons concert . 
there ' s a new trend where people watch television that they despise and it ' s called , " hate - watching . "   speaking of hate watching – hi , mom !   
home depot plans to hire 80 , 000 new employees . the ceo said , " if your skills include avoiding customers and hiding in the break room –welcome aboard ! "     
a 105 - year - old woman has become the oldest user on facebook . she mostly uses facebook to post pictures of her 81 year old baby . 
a new " breast - themed " restaurant chain is opening to compete with hooters .   when asked what kind of food they ' ll be serving , the ceo said , " who cares ? " 
police were called when one of the octomom ' s kids went missing , but when they arrived they found him at home .   octomom apologized and said , " sorry , he slipped back into my uterus when i wasn ' t looking . " 
pope benedict announced that he is retiring . it ' s a pretty dramatic change – it means he ' ll go from wearing a robe all day to wearing a robe all day . 
pope benedict xvi has said he will resign at the end of the month . it marked the first time in history that anyone has uttered the latin phrase for " peace out , bitches . " 
cbs reportedly tried to avoid profanity at last night ' s grammys by running the entire show on a 10 - second delay . or as taylor swift calls it , " the length of a typical relationship . " 
katy perry appeared at the grammys last night with visible side boob .   by the way , visible side boob is also joe biden ' s secret service name . 
in the grammy for best spoken word album , bill clinton lost along with ellen degeneres and rachel maddow .   afterwards clinton said , " it was an honor just to hear my name sandwiched between two lesbians . " 
some self - portraits painted by former president george w . bush have leaked onto the internet .   bush said , " if you like these , wait till you see my self - portraits of other people . " 
yesterday was the beginning of the chinese new year .   of course if we don ' t fix the deficit , americans will soon refer to the chinese new year as the new year . 
over the weekend , chris brown crashed his car into a wall . chris has since apologized and said he thought the wall was cheating on him . 
there ' s a new app that tells you how smart your dog is . here ' s how it works – if you bought the app , your dog is smarter than you . 
according to a new dating survey , what men and women want most in a partner are good grammar and good teeth . which is why i never did well with my pick - up line , " i ain ' t don ' t never floss . " 
the navy seal responsible for killing osama bin laden said he ' s having trouble finding work . my advice – charge $ 10 per high five , you ' ll be a billionaire by the weekend . 
there is a lot of speculation about who is going to be the next pope .   they ' re looking for someone younger , someone catholic and someone celibate , so folks – i think i ' ve got a shot . 
just a few hours after the pope announced his resignation , the vatican was struck by lightning .   sounds like somebody ' s not handling the break up well . 
the rebuttal to president obama ' s speech will be given by senator marco rubio .   or as he ' s known in the republican party , " our black guy . " 
lean cuisine has recalled some of their frozen dinners because they may contain shards of glass .     it ' s too bad , because people were really losing weight with those . 
the atlanta braves baseball team has decided to stop using the " screaming indian " logo because it ' s offensive . unfortunately , the logo they ' ve replaced it with is " asian kid getting into harvard . " 
the head of the westminster dog show said that the competition will not tolerate steroid use among the dogs . which is bad news for the " tiny - balled rage - a - doodle . " 
the makers of alcoholic energy drink four loko are being required to have more accurate labeling . from now on , it will be known by its official name , " douchebag juice . " 
the national enquirer is hinting that o . j . simpson has performed gay acts in prison .   so apparently , he ' s been riding a different white bronco . 
this valentine ' s day , white castle restaurants will offer a discount to couples who dine there .   because there ' s no better way to tell a woman you love her than to pay even less at a white castle . 
today pope benedict xvi presided over his last public mass as pontiff . you could tell he was phoning it in because he repeatedly used the latin phrase for " whatevs . " 
the vatican said that , as soon as the pope resigns , he will no longer be infallible .   the vatican said , " it ' s the same thing that happened to oprah winfrey . " 
the republican response to president obama ' s state of the union was given by senator marco rubio . just one more example of rich white guys getting a hispanic to do a job they don ' t want to do . 
yesterday , the international olympic committee decided to drop greco - roman wrestling from the olympics .   the explanation— who needs greco roman wrestling when there ' s gay porn on the internet . 
experts are predicting that the success of amazon is going to lead to the closure of many radio shacks .   when reached for comment , the ceo of radio shack said , " wait , there are still radio shacks ? " 
in a new interview , taylor swift says , " i never chase boys . " swift went on to say , " once they escape from the compound , they ' re free to leave . " 
a man in georgia was arrested after stealing a krispy kreme donut truck .   or as it ' s known in america , " a crime of passion . " 
a spokesman for the heart attack grill in las vegas , died this week of a heart attack . in a related story , the spokesman for hooters died in the most awesome way imaginable . 
it ' s valentine ' s day .     if any of you are alone today , i say it could be worse — you could be on a cruise ship . 
passengers on the carnival cruise ship are going to the bathroom in zip lock bags . that explains norwegian cruise line ' s new slogan , " passengers on the carnival cruise ship are going to the bathroom in zip lock bags . " 
one of the passengers on board that cruise ship with the raw sewage had to be airlifted off the boat .   apparently he came down with a bad case of " there ' s shit - everywhere - itis . " 
according to a new poll , a majority of women want their man to propose on valentine ' s day .   the same poll revealed men would rather propose on april fool ' s day .   
according to a new report , over half of americans sent their valentine ' s day cards online . that ' s also the same percentage who ' ll be getting their valentine ' s day sex online . 
iran has released a photo of its supposed new stealth plane but experts say is clearly photoshopped .   the most obvious red flag is that it ' s being flown upside down by denzel washington . 
the vatican confirmed that pope benedict xvi hit his head during a trip to mexico . apparently , when he came to , his first words were , " i ' m the what ? " 
warren buffett is reportedly trying to buy the heinz ketchup company . his plan is turn the company upside down , and then just wait… 
maggie smith who is one of the stars of " downton abbey " revealed she ' s never seen the show .   smith said she got the idea of being on a show and never watching it from andy richter . 
in minnesota , a woman was arrested for throwing a tampon at police officers .   she could get 30 days by which point we ' ll have to go through this all over again . 
in south carolina , a man was arrested after he began masturbating during a job interview .   it all started when he was asked , " any special skills ? " 
the fifth   " die hard "   movie was # 1 at the box office this weekend . this one features bruce willis trying to rescue people from a carnival cruise . 
the big film at the box office was the fifth " die hard " movie . this one ' s entitled , " why won ' t you just die already ? 
over the weekend , president obama played golf with tiger woods but afterwards , obama wouldn ' t say who won . in a related story , tiger woods beat the president at golf . 
the italian press is reporting that the next pope could be the cardinal from boston .   if he gets the job , he ' ll be the first pope to make you kiss his 2007 world series ring . 
google is reportedly looking to open a chain of retail stores .   this would allow you to walk into a store and actually ask a salesman for " hot asian booty action . "   
a top food manufacturer is reporting that some of their pasta meals contain horsemeat .   so i ' d stay away from the rigatoni my little pony . 
yesterday , burger king ' s official twitter account got hacked . when asked for comment , people who follow   burger king on twitter were too embarrassed to identify themselves . 
a high school hockey team was forced to forfeit a game after filming themselves doing the harlem shake . they ' re being charged with " unsportsmanlike conduct " and " being so 2 weeks ago . " 
in virginia , a pizza shop owner is giving discounts to customers who bring a gun into the restaurant . i hate to break it to them , but every store has that discount . 
best actor nominee bradley cooper said that his date to the oscars will be his mother . you ' ll recognize her – she ' ll be the only woman there that doesn ' t want to sleep with bradley cooper . 
many pakistanis are saying that " zero dark thirty " contains factual errors .   then someone explained to the pakistanis that " being directed by a woman " does not qualify as a " factual error . " 
it ' s been reported that , after the pope retires , he ' ll receive a relatively small pension . so don ' t be surprised to see an elderly german on the sidewalk holding a sign that reads , " will pope for food . " 
it ' s being reported that the next pope could be a cardinal from boston . which means the vatican may soon endorse birth control but only for yankees fans . 
in a new interview , denzel washington said that he prefers not having any celebrity friends .   so denzel give me a call – let ' s hang out .   
in an interview to promote " kourtney and kim take miami , "   kim kardashian says kanye west taught her the importance of privacy . for more on kim and privacy , be sure to watch e ! this sunday , at 9 pm eastern .   
in colombia , police are looking for a woman who poured boiling water on her husband ' s genitals .   apparently , somebody misunderstood the term " tea - bagging . "   
this sunday , everyone will be tuning in to the big oscar telecast and " lincoln " is a big favorite .   of course , like lincoln , most people won ' t stick around for the whole show . 
this year , producers have dropped the name " academy awards " and are just calling it " the oscars " since that ' s how people refer to it . for the same reason , " the tonys " are being renamed , " the gay olympics . " 
at this year ' s oscars , instead of attractive models handing out the statues , 6 college film students have been chosen . so now every winning actor will receive a trophy and a crappy screenplay . 
fox news host bill o ' reilly is writing a new book about the killing of jesus . it will be the first time where jesus ' death is blamed on " obamacare . " 
next month , mitt romney will be making his first public speech after losing the election . his topic will be , " rebuilding your life with just a hope , a dream , and $ 230 million . " 
a new report predicts that in california , hispanics will become the majority by next year . in fact , just yesterday i saw ten white guys hanging out in front of a home depot . 
a clothing company has come out with new 3d t - shirts . which is great , but you know who ' s been wearing 3 - d t - shirts for years ? women . 
mark hamill , who played luke skywalker 35 years ago is in talks to appear in the new " star wars " movie . in this one he ' ll go by the name luke mall - walker . 
kim kardashian recently said if she wasn ' t doing what she was doing , she would want to be a crime scene investigator . kardashian said , " i ' m qualified because i ' ve spent most of my life collecting dna samples . " 
after " argo " won for best picture , ben affleck gave a speech where he said his marriage " is work . " which made him the first man in history to not get laid after winning an oscar . 
last night , a toilet flooded the lobby where the oscars were being held . so , the show won an oscar for " best portrayal of   a carnival cruise . " 
a big winner last night was " life of pi " , a story of a young man who wakes up in a lifeboat with a hyena , a zebra , an orangutan and a bengal tiger . which , oddly enough , is also the plot of " the hangover 3 . " 
today , south korea ' s first female president was sworn in .   meanwhile , north korea said , " we ' re just going to stick with men named kim . " 
" here comes honey boo boo " will now air in three new continents . which means the show will be translated into spanish , arabic and , maybe someday , english . 
traces of horsemeat have been discovered in ikea ' s swedish meatballs . wow , it almost makes you want to stop taking your family to dinner at a furniture store . 
at the oscars , none of the winners thanked god . to add insult to injury , at his last sermon the same day , the pope thanked harvey weinstein and meryl streep . 
pope benedict says he will stop wearing his red prada shoes because he prefers a pair of loafers he tried on in mexico . then the pope interrupted his discussion of prada and shoe - shopping to once again condemn homosexuality . 
new jersey governor chris christie has now officially reversed his opposition to obamacare . of course , safety regulations require that whenever chris christie reverses himself , he must go " beep beep beep beep ! " 
the beef scandal has hit south africa : this time products have been found containing donkey , water buffalo and goat . so if you ' re ever eating in south africa , don ' t order the mcpettingzoo . 
it ' s being reported that next season , " downton abbey " will feature its first black character . producers hope this will lead to downton abbey ' s first black viewer . 
in britain , a man is suing because his doctor removed the wrong testicle .   his doctor said , " i know i screwed up but if he gives me one more chance , i ' m sure i can get it right . " 
longevity scientists claim that compared to last century , 72 is the new 30 . however , they said that larry king is still very very old . 
scientists have discovered the reason why women talk more than men . it ' s because they think we ' re listening . 
over the weekend , snooki auctioned off her old suv on ebay for $ 77 , 000 . the well - handled machine with distressed leather interior that can comfortably fit eight said she ' d miss the car . 
today , the pope made his last public appearance . that is , until the new season of " dancing with the stars . " 
pope benedict has revealed that after he steps down , he will destroy his papal ring . in keeping with vatican law , he ' ll destroy the ring by casting it back into the fires of mordor . 
the pope said that the past few years have been difficult and at times he felt that , " the lord seemed to sleep . " when asked for comment , the lord said , " you try staying awake through a latin mass . " 
when they aired the oscars in iran , the iranian government digitally added sleeves to michelle obama ' s gown . they also altered the video so that jennifer lawrence is now deliberately tripped by the israelis . 
the producers of " downton abbey " have revealed that the show will have its first black character .   next season , lord grantham will receive a special visit from sir mix - a - lot . 
senior citizens are now catching stds at a record rate .   now old guys are getting up in the middle of the night to scream while they pee . 
hundreds of employees of weight watchers are complaining about the company ' s low wages . the employees said , " they ' re paying us peanuts , which , by the way , are only 6 points a serving ! " 
a court ruled that james brown ' s estate was not being divided up the way he wanted it . unfortunately it ' s hard to tell , because all his will states is " divide up , divide on up . " 
a 114 - year - old woman in japan is now officially the world ' s oldest woman . this was exciting news for the world ' s 2nd oldest woman , steven tyler . 
today was pope benedict ' s last day at work . so right now all the other cardinals are buying him shots at the vatican applebee ' s . 
today , the pope spoke to over 100 cardinals and said , " among you is the future pope . " then the pope said , " now enter the octagon ! " 
if the budget cuts go into effect , major airports could face delays of up to 90 minutes . or as jet blue calls it , " an on - time departure . " 
automatic budget cuts could negatively affect water and sewage services . in other words , all of america is about to embark on a carnival cruise . 
in ohio , a 106 year old woman is finally about to get her high school diploma . which means next month , she ' ll start visiting colleges with her parents . 
yahoo redesigned its homepage in an effort to get people to visit more frequently . they ' ve also changed their url to google . com . " 
at a one direction concert in scotland , a fan threw a shoe that hit harry styles in the crotch .   then , for the rest of the concert , he sang with a man ' s voice . 
former kiss star ace frehley is facing foreclosure on his new york home . to save money , the former kiss guitarist will only rock and roll only half of the night , and party every other day . 
two americans who were reported missing were discovered in perfect health , living in the peruvian jungle . well , personally , i ' m just glad that heidi and spencer are ok . 
the nfl is warning teams that they are not allowed to ask a potential draft pick if he is gay . however , they are allowed to ask him to " go deep " and see what he does . 
cardinals are all starting to gather in rome . it ' s like a star trek convention only less celibate . 
the vatican tailor has unveiled three white papal robes for whoever the new pope is , in small , medium , and large . or , in the event that the new pope is from america , double xl . 
dennis rodman said president obama should call north korean leader kim jong un . unfortunately , president obama was busy discussing iran ' s nuclear capabilities with scottie pippen . 
in his first interview since losing the election , mitt romney said it kills him to not be in the white house . he said he ' ll always think of it as the one house he couldn ' t buy . 
in the same interview , ann romney blamed the media for her husband ' s mitt romney ' s defeat . her quote was , " it ' s not fair – they kept reporting exactly what he said . " 
president obama has nominated wal - mart executive sylvia burrel to be his budget director . the president says he ' s excited by her experience at wal - mart , and sylvia burrell says she ' s excited to be making more than 9 . 85 per hour . 
today , kenya is holding elections for the first time since 2007 . it ' s getting nasty – each presidential candidate ' s accusing the other of being born in kenya . 
lamborghini just unveiled their new car that lists at $ 4 million . so for the lamborghini customer that works out to $ 1 million per inch of penis . 
in the uk , horsemeat was found in some products at taco bell . which explains taco bell ' s new slogan " you can lead a horse to taco bell – we ' ll take it from there . " 
in rome , the search is on for the new pope . i just want to put it out there— i look really good in a pope hat . 
cardinals from all over the world are now gathering in rome to select the next pope . you can watch the entire process on the new season of " vatican ' s got talent . " 
the top choice to be the new pope could be a canadian . if elected pope , his first act will be to grant saint hood to wayne gretzki and celine dion . 
a big snowstorm set to hit washington dc is being called , " the snowquester . "   democrats say it could be 10 inches – republicans want it cut down to 2 .   
the automatic budget cuts could lead to a huge drop in food inspections .   so be careful – if you eat at the olive garden , your meal may contain trace amounts of italian food . 
in his new book , former president george h . w . bush defends his son george w . bush .   the book is called , " do you know how many times we dropped him ? " 
believe it or not al qaeda has started an english language advice column . not to be outdone , today the taliban released its 10 favorite ways to cook chicken . 
marriott is teaming up with ikea on a new line of hotels . and they ' ll do it again in five years after the hotels fall apart . 
researchers say they have now figured out exactly what caused the crash of the hindenburg . the culprit – " time - travelling lindsay lohan . " 
last night , justin bieber outraged fans by showing up two hours late for his concert .   in fact , i gotta tell you – i almost left . 
a new study found that red meat can help reduce the symptoms of pms . but , whatever you do , never tell a woman with pms , " sounds like someone needs a hamburger . " 
a major snowstorm has hit the east coast . and in washington dc , everything ground to a halt , absolutely no work got done , and then the snowstorm hit . 
due to the budget cuts , all tours of the white house have been cancelled indefinitely . when he heard , joe biden said , " now i ' ll never see it ! " 
today , senate minority leader mitch mcconnell released a harlem shake video . once again , just when you think a trend is dead , it ' s made cool again by senate minority leader mitch mcconnell . 
a poll found that most american catholics want the new pope to be younger and hipper .   in other words , they want the pope mobile to have truck nuts . 
lawmakers in hawaii passed a new law called " the steven tyler act . " basically , the law gives men the right to gradually morph into old women . 
wrangler is coming out with a pair of jeans that claims to fight cellulite as you wear them . so finally , a pair of jeans your boyfriend can say you look fat in , but not for long . 
a new study showed that senior citizens who play video games are happier . apparently senior citizens ' two favorite games are " resident evil " and " the microwave . " 
president obama took a group of republicans to dinner at a restaurant last night and the president personally picked up the tab . afterwards , the republicans said , " typical democrat –spend , spend , spend ! " 
north korea has threatened to nuke the united states . which begs the question : what the hell did dennis rodman say over there ? 
last week horsemeat was discovered in ikea ' s meatballs and this morning , it was discovered in ikea ' s hot dogs .   this is making me think twice about taking my family to dinner at a furniture store .   
in maine , a man was convicted of turning a fitness gym into a brothel . police became suspicious when people signed up for the gym and then actually went their regularly .   
demi moore ' s divorce is proceeding and it turns out she wants alimony from ashton kutcher . if demi ' s suit is successful they ' ll have to rename the show " one and a quarter men . " 
justin bieber recently went on a twitter rant and listed things he was angry about . # 1 is the media , # 2 is the paparazzi , # 3 is justin bieber songs . 
scientists have recently created a robot that can bake cookies . and by scientists i mean two stoned kids that work at a radio shack . 
in oklahoma , a woman was arrested with a gun in her vagina and bags of meth in her butt . she ' s facing charges , but on the plus side she has been hired as the new spokesperson for the container store . 
despite budget cuts , the obamas ' dog bo still travels with his own motorcade . after hearing this , vice president joe biden said , " wait - so why am i still taking the train ? " 
after tours of the white house were canceled due to budget cuts , donald trump has offered to pay for them . all he ' s asking is that they rename it " the trump white house and casino . "   
president obama ' s half - brother ran for political office in kenya , lost , and has claimed electoral fraud . or as fox news abbreviated the story : " obama… kenya… fraud . " 
apparently for someone to become pope , they have to receive 77 of the votes from the cardinals . they also have to win ohio and florida . 
britain ' s queen elizabeth has signed a statement supporting gay rights . she said , " trust me , i ' m not the only queen in this family . "     
the former mayor of detroit was convicted of racketeering and extortion charges . the sentence is pretty harsh – he has to serve another term as mayor of detroit . 
people are wondering if selena gomez called ex - boyfriend justin bieber a " douchebag " in her new song .   it ' s the song called , " justin bieber is a douchebag . " 
google has unveiled a " talking shoe " that comments on your running performance .   the shoe says three phrases , " keep going " , " just a little further " and " get off me , fatty . " 
scientists believe they are on the verge of coming up with a new drug that could help people live to be 150 .   it ' s perfect for anyone who ' s ever reached 100 and said , " please - 50 more years of this ! " 
the pope gets to choose his new name . experts say the # 1 choice for the new pope ' s name is john and the # 2 choice is leo .   a distant 3rd , " jayden . " 
the cardinals at the vatican will release black smoke if they don ' t reach a decision and white smoke if they do . and blue smoke means they ' re working on the vatican oldsmobile . 
the cardinals are in seclusion until they choose a new pope and they don ' t have access to the internet .   this is to keep them from being exposed to any press rumors more important – any ‘walking dead ' spoilers . 
a company is developing drones that can be used to pick up and deliver items to customers . so , if you see a drone coming , someone in the area has either joined al qaeda or netflix . 
the nfl ' s oldest player jason hansen said he will be coming back for a 22nd season . when asked if he ' s worried about 22 seasons of hits to the head , he responded , " no , me football brain good for ! " 
a hacker has published kim kardashian ' s financial information online . kim is asking people to stop looking online at her private financial information and go back to watching her sex tape . 
some ships are now offering " cougar cruises " for older women to meet younger men .   at last count , 5 , 000 women have signed up and zero men . 
in los angeles , a former kfc has been turned into a medical marijuana clinic .   and guess what – it ' s all the same customers .   
researchers say a " like " on facebook can reveal if you ' re a gay man . especially if what you choose to like is " penises . " 
the vatican has chosen the first - ever argentinean pope . so once again , a bunch of old white guys got a hispanic to do a job they didn ' t want to do . 
the new pope is a very popular , highly regarded intellectual , and an outspoken advocate for social justice . and ladies , he ' s sin - gle ! 
the new pope has chosen the name " pope francis . " little advice for the vatican , if you really want to make a strong stand against homosexuality , don ' t go with a girl ' s name . 
today in moscow , ' 90s action star   steven seagal   hung out with russian president   vladimir putin . the meeting lasted two hours and then went straight to dvd . 
mcdonald ' s has introduced a yolk - free egg mcmuffin that ' s only 260 calories .   after hearing this , every mcdonald ' s customer said , " sweet – i ' ll have 6 of them . " 
in canada , a product called " sex cereal " is coming out that is supposed to improve a person ' s sexual health . customers who ' ve tried " sex cereal " say " theeeeeeey ' re gross ! " 
a french woman has written a new book on celibacy called , the art of sleeping alone .   so apparently , i was an artist until i was 29 . 
it ' s been announced that twinkies will be back on the shelves sometime this summer .   so i gotta say this new pope is already getting things done ! 
yesterday the college of cardinals announced the new pope with the latin phrase , " habemus papam . " a phrase which was immediately autocorrected around the world to , " happiness popeye . " 
last year , taco bell sold over one million doritos locos tacos a day . other companies took notice and now the new blackberry is coming out in a tasty dorito shell . 
a washington state mother is accused of letting her 22 - month - old toddler smoke marijuana . when reached for comment , the toddler said , " hey man , everybody chill out . " 
tonight is the beginning of the 8 - day jewish holiday of passover , when god freed the jews from slavery in egypt . in other words , history ' s first spring break . 
passover ' s the time every year i ' m forced to spend 8 days and 8 nights writing all my own jokes . 
over the weekend , the current pope and the former pope had lunch together .   the waiter who served them said they spent the whole time bitching about their boss . 
over the weekend , pope francis and former pope benedict had lunch together .   between the two of them , they polished off two bottles of jesus . 
during his trip to the middle east , president obama helped restore israel ' s relationship with turkey . now on to the final hurdle : restoring israel ' s relationship with pork . 
it ' s come out that during joe biden ' s recent night in paris , he ran up a hotel bill of $ 585 , 000 . apparently , biden tried to order " wreck it ralph " over 1 , 000 times . 
officials say the winner of a $ 338 million powerball ticket bought it at a new jersey liquor store . it ' s being called the first time in history the word " winner " has described someone at a new jersey liquor store . 
a company has created a care package to give women on their period , and it includes tea , tampons , and chocolate . they ' ve also created a care package for men that includes 5 days at a hotel . 
bill gates is offering $ 100 , 000 to anyone who can design a better condom . of course , what guy wants to buy a condom from a company called " microsoft . " 
last night , president obama celebrated passover by hosting a seder at the white house .   there was an awkward moment when sasha asked , " hey i thought we were muslim ? " 
some people paid as much as $ 6 , 000 to watch the supreme court ' s deliberations on gay marriage . which is why today the supreme court launched its 41 - city " monsters of gay marriage deliberation tour . " 
it ' s come out that supreme court justice antonin scalia once compared homosexual sex to " sitting on a flagpole . " thousands of gay activists called this " an insulting remark " and " a great idea . " 
last year , the expenses of the living ex - presidents cost us taxpayers almost $ 4 million . the costs were mostly due to secret service , pensions and bill clinton ' s party bus . 
a 17 year old boy sold an app to yahoo for $ 30 million . the boy says he ' ll use the money to fund his new website , " who ' s a nerd now , jenny ? . com . " 
in a new interview , hugh hefner said that in his life time he has slept with over a thousand women .   which for hef averages out to one a year . 
in kentucky , a teenager was arrested for falsely yelling " bingo " in a bingo hall . it ' s being called the first - ever arrest that actually diminished someone ' s street cred . 
a new implant can tell your smartphone when you ' re about to have a heart attack . it tells the smartphone two things : " call 911 , " and " erase all porn . " 
bill clinton now says he wishes he ' d supported gay marriage back when he was president . clinton said , at the time , he was too busy campaigning for open marriage . 
rush limbaugh said that lesbians don ' t have to worry about their appearance , so they are free to get fat . then , moments later , rush limbaugh officially came out as a lesbian . 
a new poll shows that 64% of new jersey residents don ' t care about governor chris christie ' s weight . of course that ' s mostly because gov . chris christie is 64% of new jersey . 
another member of seal team 6 has come forward to say that bin laden was unarmed when he was shot . i think i speak for everyone when i say , " and ? " 
parts of the berlin wall have been removed despite a protest led by david hasselhoff .     the thick crumbling structure that didn ' t last very long into the ‘90 ' s said the wall shouldn ' t be removed . 
victoria ' s secret is under fire for targeting youth with its new slogan , " bright young things . " however , it ' s still better than its previous slogan , " the catalog for horny men with no internet . " 
a man has won an $ 8 , 000 settlement from disneyland after he got stuck on their " it ' s a small world " ride . the man said he ' ll use the money to cut out that part of his brain that won ' t stop playing " it ' s a small world afterall . " 
a new study found that herpes may lead to memory loss . which is too bad because the only upside to having herpes is fondly remembering how you got it .   
there ' s a rumor that kanye west ' s next album will be entitled " i am god . " either that , or someone just overheard kanye west talking to himself . 
some scientists now believe dinosaurs had sex while on their side to avoid their mate ' s spiny tail .   when asked why they were thinking about how dinosaurs had sex , the scientists got real quiet . 
my bosses at tbs here in atlanta told me i can do a week of shows anywhere in the world , so i told them , " paris , france . " they said , " atlanta it is . " 
as i mentioned before , tonight is opening day at turner field and get this – chipper jones threw out the first pitch . not only that , the first 5 , 000 fans get to have a baby with chipper jones . 
there ' s over 65 streets named peachtree in atlanta . yesterday i punched peachtree into my gps and it committed suicide . 
atlanta is the place where they film " the walking dead . " producers got the idea to film the walking dead here when they saw some people coming out of a waffle house at 2 am . 
speaking of the waffle house , atlanta is also home to arby ' s , chick - fil - a and get this spanx . which explains atlanta ' s new nickname , " the city of cause and effect . " 
ryan seacrest is from atlanta .   he lived here for years until the entire city told him , " seacrest out . " 
lawmakers in georgia passed a bill allowing alcohol to be sold closer to college campuses . finally , college students in georgia will have access to alcohol . 
in atlanta , there are 4 , 000 more females than males . of course 2 , 000 of them are tyler perry in drag . 
even though i ' m from boston i feel right at home in the south . you see boston ' s also full of people with thick accents who hate the yankees . 
a lot of celebrities live in atlanta— elton john has a house here . in fact , you know you ' ve spotted elton john when you think you ' ve spotted lady gaga ' s grandmother . 
for the atlanta braves opener , 45 , 000 fans were each given a foam tomahawk . which is really weird because " the foam tomahawk " was my porn name . 
trust me . i ' d love to stay but the strippers at the clermont have a restraining order against the band . 
i ' ve had a fantastic in atlanta . i ' m leaving with many new friends , great memories and type 2 diabetes . 
the atlanta braves are playing their first season in 19 years without third baseman chipper jones . but don ' t worry : he ' ll still be getting to third base tonight . 
coca - cola was originally used to cure hangovers . of course then it was replaced by atlanta ' s favorite cure for a hangover – more drinking . 
the company that owns pbr beer has been approved to buy hostess twinkies .   a spokesperson said , " we want to branch out from people who don ' t care what they drink to people who don ' t care what they eat . "   
president obama is in trouble for saying that california ' s female attorney general , kamala harris , is good - looking .   when asked for comment , bill clinton said , " that guy is out of control . " 
ikea is facing another food scandal - their " elk lasagna " was found to contain pork . even worse , it was found to contain elk . 
ikea is facing another food scandal .   i was so outraged that yesterday , i cancelled my reservations at ikea and instead took my family to dinner at the pottery barn . 
in new york , a man dressed as cookie monster was arrested for pushing a 2 - year old . the man was immediately hired to be the new basketball coach at rutgers . 
top fashion designer michael kors has launched a campaign to stop world hunger . his first step — stop hiring supermodels . 
the government of uganda has officially outlawed the appearance of anyone sexy on tv . by the way , starting today , i ' m on twice a day in uganda . 
in china , an outbreak of the bird flu has caused the price of chicken mcnuggets to plummet . isn ' t that cute - people in china think that chicken mcnuggets are made out of a bird . 
kim kardashian , who is 5 months pregnant , reportedly wants to give birth by c - section . in other words , even in childbirth kim is determined to avoid any kind of labor . 
last night , the louisville cardinals won the ncaa championship .   people in kentucky were so excited they were kissing people not related to them . 
last night , the louisville cardinals defeated the michigan wolverines to win the national championship .   people in michigan were angry and depressed and then , they heard about the game . 
today , north korea threatened to launch a missile at south korea . north korea backed down after south korea threatened to launch a sequel to gangnam style . 
it ' s been reported that in high school , kim jong un starred in a production of the musical " grease . " that ' s also where kim met his first wife olivia newton jong . 
the obama administration ' s new budget plan calls for saving billions of dollars by selling off federal properties . so folks get ready for the washington monument brought to you by cialis . 
according to a new report , someone has been downloading porn from inside vatican city . it ' s someone with the user name , " newpopenewrules . " 
there is a proposed new bill to extend closing time in california bars from 2 a . m to 4 a . m . the bill was introduced by los angeles city councilman andy richter . 
in a new interview , simon cowell said that he does " several hundred push - ups a day . " to be fair , he doesn ' t go all the way down - just to where his boobs hit the floor . 
a study reveals that women in australia want a man with a big penis .   the good news ? my wife isn ' t australian . 
tom cruise made his first public comments about his divorce from katie holmes and said , " i didn ' t see it coming . " apparently , katie kept her divorce papers on top of the refrigerator . 
when kim jong un was young he apparently wanted to become an actor .   but of course it ' s hard to do dinner theater in a country that doesn ' t have theater or dinner . 
in high school , north korean leader kim jong un starred in a production of the musical " grease . " the show would end each night with sandy singing to kim , " you ' re the un that i want . " 
jay - z and beyoncé created a controversy by traveling to cuba . the treasury department is now saying that when they okayed the request , " we thought it was a different jay - z and beyoncé . "   
over a quarter of a million chrysler vehicles are being recalled for problems with fuel tanks , brakes , engines , airbags , and electrical wiring . on the plus side , chrysler insists " our cupholders have never been safer . " 
former rep . anthony weiner , who famously tweeted lewd photos of himself , now says he wants people to give him a second chance . not in politics but on instagram .   
the latest internet photo trend involves harry potter fans sitting on a broomstick in different locales and is called " pottering . "   all you need is a broom , a camera and zero friends to talk you out of it . 
today flavor flav is going to court on a possible felony charge . the judge has set flavor flav ' s bail at $ 100 , 000 , or three of his teeth . 
a new report claims that almost half of justin bieber ' s 37 million twitter followers are fake . even more disturbing , the other half are real . 
japanese engineers have created a " girlfriend jacket " that replicates the sensation of being hugged by a woman from behind . once again , japanese engineers remain on the cutting edge of creepy loneliness . 
quentin tarantino has had to alter django unchained so that it could be shown in china . the movie will now be called " django escapes the ipad factory " 
rihanna broke up with chris brown after she caught him cheating with a waitress . rihanna said she knew something was up when brown came home with another woman ' s lipstick on his knuckles . 
north korea is celebrating the one - year anniversary of kim jong un ' s ascension to power . that ' s right – one year ago today , kim jong un ascended to power by climbing onto a phone book . 
today , north korea raised a missile to an upright position and then later tucked it back in its launcher .   north korea did all this after its wife went to bed .   
this year , a 14 - year - old boy from china is the youngest golfer to ever compete in the masters .   during his round of golf today , the chinese boy made two birdies , an eagle and an ipad . 
nasa has announced a plan to lasso an asteroid and bring it closer to earth . this is according to the head of nasa— a six year old boy . 
on tuesday at the white house , president obama sang with justin timberlake .   it ' s being called " the blackest thing president obama has ever done . " 
dc comics has introduced its first - ever transgender character . the character is called " wonder if it ' s a woman . " 
in maine , a hermit living in the woods was arrested and he claims he ' s only seen one human since 1986 . i think he ' s telling the truth because for his one phone call he tried to reach mr . belvedere . 
stephen hawking said that unless we find a way to escape earth , human beings will not survive this millennium . hawking made the prediction at what turned out to be an incredibly depressing baby shower . 
here in hollywood , an actress is suing a website for revealing her actual age . however , the lawsuit will be dropped if tmz apologizes to 33 year old betty white . 
katy perry is selling her $ 7 million dollar mansion .   the mansion comes with a great view of the mountains until katy perry moves out . 
the owner of a restaurant in texas has trade - marked the term " breasturant . "   meanwhile , his wife has trade - marked the term , " let ' s not spend the breast of our lives together . " 
a new study says that women prefer tall men to have large penises . the study also said woman prefer short men to have a tall friend with a large penis . 
over the weekend , george w . bush became a grandfather . bush said , " i ' m looking forward to being a grandfather because you get to do all the fun stuff with none of the responsibility – kind of like being president . " 
when asked about north korean leader kim jong un , dennis rodman said , " he just wants to be loved . " it ' s not a good sign when the friend who ' s trying to explain that you ' re not crazy is dennis rodman . 
today , north koreans celebrated the 101st birthday of their country ' s founder , the late kim il sung .     it was kim il - sung who famously said , " hey , let ' s have a crappy version of south korea . " 
a new poll shows that canadian teenagers smoke more pot than any other teens in the world . when reached for comment , canadian teens said , " you would too— if you grew up listening to nickelback . " 
an ohio school is requiring students who want to be on the yearbook committee be tested for drugs . the yearbook committee is protesting , saying , " if we were cool enough to do drugs , we wouldn ' t be on the yearbook committee . " 
in new mexico , a man was arrested for buying a woman food so that   she would have sex with him . the man has been charged with " dating . " 
a magazine has come out with a list of the 20 most hated celebrities and number one on the list is gwyneth paltrow .   after hearing this , mel gibson said , " what do i have to do ? " 
according to a new report , sharon and ozzy osbourne ' s 30 year marriage is over .   after hearing this , ozzy said , " i was married ? " 
kim kardashian is saying she doesn ' t want the paparazzi around for the birth of her child . she wants the birth to be a private moment between her , kanye and 6 cameramen from the e ! network . 
kim kardashian is saying she wants to avoid the paparazzi when her child is born . kim said , " there ' s a time and place for that kind of exposure , and   it ' s called conception . " 
today the country of israel turns 65 .   it now plans to retire and move to florida . 
this week , south korean rapper psy released a follow - up to his song " gangnam style . " the song is called , " look , i am also sick of ‘gangnam style . ' " 
dennis rodman claims the fbi wants to hire him as an informant .   which makes sense because the first thing you want to do as an fbi informant is tell everyone you ' re an fbi informant . 
thousands of marijuana advocates are expected to gather in washington and colorado to celebrate april 20th – otherwise known as 4 / 20 .   heads up – some of those people may be late . 
a new study shows that germiest place in your kitchen is the refrigerator ' s vegetable drawer .   after hearing this , most americans said , " we have a vegetable drawer ? " 
last night , npr was hacked by a group called the syrian electronic army . which explains why , for five seconds last night , npr was exciting . 
a new study claims that women are healthier without their bras .   the announcement was made by 3 guys trying to keep a straight face .   
a company has made an iphone coated in diamonds and gold that ' s worth $ 15 million . it ' s being called " the most beautiful thing you ' ll ever accidentally drop it into a toilet . " 
a new study reveals wealthy people curse more than middle class people .   apparently , they say things like , " holy shit , i ' m rich . " 
president obama offered to wash senators ' cars if it would lead to an immigration bill . the senators told obama , " if you ' re going to wash our cars , why do we need immigrants ? " 
president obama said he did not know jay - z and beyonce were taking a trip to cuba .   when he heard this , bill clinton was outraged and said , " the president should know where beyoncé is at all times . "   
jon hamm recently appeared on an episode of sesame street . it was the first time toddlers were able plant their moms in front of the tv and ignore them for an hour . 
today , senator rand paul , a big favorite among the tea party , suggested he may run for president in 2016 . although his first choice would be to run for president in 1954 . 
a new study confirms that eating a western style diet causes people to die earlier . when asked for comment , people eating a doritos locos taco said , " worth it . " 
in a recent interview , robert downey jr . confirmed that he was paid $ 50 million to star in the avengers . now the hulk is really angry . 
a fragrance company has just come out with a cologne that smells like whiskey .   it ' s perfect for the guy who wants all the stigma of alcoholism but none of the fun . 
a new hampshire state rep . is in trouble for an email he sent where he referred to women as " vaginas . "   can you imagine referring to a person by their genitals ? what a dick ! 
tmz is reporting that sharon osbourne is not going to reconcile with ozzy osbourne until he proves to her he ' ll stay sober . after hearing this , ozzy said , " who ' s sharon osbourne ? " 
according to a new study , red wine provides no health benefits for people who are overweight . but red wine does provide some benefits for the people who have to sleep with them . 
doctors say there may be a link between colicky babies and migraines .   apparently , colicky babies give you a migraine . 
chicago has approved a $ 500 million renovation for the chicago cubs ' wrigley field . the upgrade will include a new video screen , enhanced lighting , and an entirely different baseball team . 
two rides at disneyland have been temporarily shut down due to safety concerns .   the most dangerous of these is probably " mr . toad ' s wild ride while texting . " 
in new mexico , a man was caught trading mcdonald ' s food for sexual favors .   apparently , the man told his customers , " i ' m really lovin ' it . " 
today , jason collins of the washington wizards announced he is gay . he said , " i don ' t know what ' s been tougher on my family - announcing i ' m gay , or announcing that i play for the washington wizards . " 
the first active nba player has come out as gay . now the lakers want to sign him so they ' ll have someone who knows how to score with men . 
in new york , prison inmates have been logging onto yelp to review their jails . they ' ve also been going on eharmony to review their cellmates .   
there ' s a new trend of prison inmates reviewing their prisons on yelp ! the downside is , now people are committing crimes just to try the amazing fish tacos at rikers ' island . 
the founder of the 99 cents stores has died . in lieu of flowers , the family asks that donations be made to everyone who shops at the 99 cents store . 
martha stewart said she ' s putting her dating profile on match . com . martha says she ' s looking for mr . right so she can tell him everything he ' s doing wrong . 
the other day , supreme court justice stephen breyer had shoulder surgery , for an injury he received after falling off his bike .   fox news reports that the accident happened when the justice drifted a little too far to the left . 
a lingerie company has released a line of lingerie for men . this sexy new line of lingerie for men is called " clean underpants . " 
in a new interview , mike tyson reveals that his ex - girlfriend cooked and ate his pet pigeon in front of him . tyson said , " but she also had a dark side . " 
ronnie from " jersey shore " has been hospitalized . however , not to worry : doctors have upgraded ronnie ' s condition from " serious to douchey . " 
jessica simpson has bought ozzy osbourne ' s house for $ 11 . 5 million . the house comes with 5 bedrooms , 4 bathrooms , a pool , and one very confused ozzie osbourne . 
nba player jason collins ' s former fiancé said she had no clue he was gay . she went on to say he didn ' t cheat on her , so she also had no clue he was in the nba . 
nba player jason collins ' s former fiancé said she had no clue he was gay .   when she heard this , manti te ' o ' s fiancée said , " well , at least you exist . " 
yesterday , president obama said that the prison at guantanamo " needs to be closed . "   to make sure it closes quickly , they ' re turning it into a blockbuster video . 
happy birthday to the world wide web , which turns 20 years old today . wow— i can ' t believe for 20 years i ' ve had a busty russian nurse fetish ! 
virgin airlines is offering a new " in - flight flirtation service " where passengers can send each other food and drinks . they ' re also offering an " in - flight - restraining - order service . " 
a new study says the best way to sell more eco - friendly products is to not mention that they ' re eco - friendly .   which is why the makers of energy saving fluorescent light bulbs are renaming them , " the panda - killer 9000 . " 
according to a new study , women are attracted to men with a heavy stubble . the study was conducting by the prestigious , " institute of bad news for asians . " 
at a starbucks , a woman got angry because a barista wrote " vagina " on her latte . she got even angrier when the barista wrote " latte " on her vagina . 
jason collins , the nba player who revealed he ' s gay is a free agent and looking for someone to sign him .   turns out he ' s got some interest from chicago— not the bulls , the broadway musical .   
the state department released a list of the gifts president obama has received from foreign officials . vladimir putin gave obama vodka , prince charles gave him golf bags , and kim jong - un re - gifted dennis rodman . 
mitt romney gave a commencement speech where he advised graduates to start a family before they turn 30 . he also advises them to pay for it by inheriting millions of dollars . 
former california governor arnold schwarzenegger is urging congress to pass the immigration bill . schwarzenegger said , " i support the bill –just not the part about having to learn english . " 
the chicago cubs are considering leaving wrigley field if they don ' t get a bigger scoreboard . then someone reminded the cubs , for the amount of runs they get , they don ' t need a scoreboard . 
domino ' s customers can now order a pizza and watch it being made on line .   a spokesperson for domino ' s said , " this way , our customers can see exactly what went wrong . " 
scientists in japan have recently discovered a drug that may be able to stop men from cheating .   the drug is called cyanide . 
a new study reveals that up to 41% of college graduates are working in jobs that don ' t require a degree . by the way , i ' m one of them . 
at a starbucks , a woman named virginia got angry because the barista wrote " vagina " on her latte . and when people heard they were serving vagina , the line at starbucks got even longer . 
president obama watches so much sports on tv that political groups who want to get his attention are running ads on espn . it ' s the same reason that during the clinton administration they advertised in juggs magazine . 
today , former pope benedict is moving back into the vatican . and man , is he going to be pissed when he sees pope francis took down his metallica posters . 
two popes under one roof – we ' re just one " half - pope " away from being a sitcom on cbs . 
former ca governor arnold schwarzenegger is urging congress to pass the immigration bill . he said , " there has to be a better way to bring a hispanic into this country than by impregnating a housekeeper . " 
yahoo put out a list of 5 dying careers which includes reporters and insurance underwriters .   the only one they forgot is yahoo employee . 
in new york , a new bike sharing program prohibits obese people from riding bikes . the ruling affects no one . 
in new york , the owner of an ice cream truck called sno cone joe was arrested for allegedly stalking his rival truck , mr . ding - a - ling .     it ' s being called , " the saddest turf war ever . " 
the fast food chain sonic is now offering a 1700 calorie peanut butter bacon milkshake .   which explains sonic ' s new slogan , " tell my wife i loved her . "   
in a new commercial , jc penney apologizes for its mistakes and asks people to " come back . " unfortunately , so far the ad has not worked on anyone except rihanna . 
president obama has changed his mind and he decided to support the morning - after pill being available over the counter . apparently , president obama finally saw an episode of " teen mom . " 
the winner of the kentucky derby was a horse named " orb . "   the other horses are now available at the ikea meatball counter . 
peta is upset at chris christie for killing a spider in front of a group of school children . gov . christie said , " if peta ' s upset by that , they do not want to know what i had for lunch today . " 
according to a new report , al gore now has more money than mitt romney . gore said , " mitt and i are living proof that if you ' re a boring white guy , anything ' s possible . " 
george w . bush ' s nephew , george p . bush , is running for office in texas . he says the " p " stands for " pretend you ' ve never heard the name ‘george w . bush . ' " 
a company is coming out with a " beer drone " that will deliver beer to attendees at music festivals .   in a related story , everyone is now fine with drones . 
according to a recent survey , the first thing a man notices about a woman is her hair . the survey was conducted by the institute of lies . 
in georgia yesterday , honey boo boo ' s mother married her long - time fiancé sugar bear . guests described the ceremony as " gross . " 
a catholic bishop from massachusetts was arrested for drunk driving . he told the cop , " i ' m a bishop , i ' m supposed to move diagonally . "   
in a recent poll , red lobster was voted one of the top 10 places that cheaters like to bring their dates . which explains red lobster ' s new slogan " a shameful act calls for a shameful meal . " 
nj gov . chris christie revealed that he underwent a surgery earlier this year that restricts the amount of food he can eat .   as a result , 12 animals have been removed from the endangered species list . 
new jersey governor chris christie revealed he has undergone weight reduction surgery .   and as a result , soon i ' ll be undergoing surgery for monologue joke reduction . 
when asked if hillary clinton will run for president , bill clinton said she ' s " having a little fun being a private citizen . " then he added , " not ‘bill clinton fun , but fun nonetheless . " 
a catholic bishop from massachusetts was arrested for drunk driving . still , it was relief to find a catholic official get in trouble for only having a beer on his lap . 
in a recent poll , red lobster was voted one of the top 10 places that cheaters like to bring their dates . which explains their new slogan , " red lobster : a great place to get crabs ! " 
a texas man has successfully fired the first - ever gun created by a 3 - d printer . which raises the question – don ' t you think a gun created by a printer would jam ? 
a cleric in iran is warning that an earthquake is on the way , and it ' s the fault of women who wear revealing clothes . so yet , another setback for the tehran hooters . 
after domino ' s admitted it used to make terrible pizza , jc penney has come out with an ad apologizing for disappointing its customers .   and just this morning , office depot said it wished it had been a better father .   
the company that makes viagra has started letting customers order it online . so finally , someone ' s figured out a way for the internet to give men erections . 
at some taco bells , customers are now allowed to order their food by using a touch screen . so now taco bell customers just have to touch a picture of what kind of a diarrhea they want . 
new jersey governor chris christie said he is still adjusting after his surgery to reduce how much he can eat .   christie said , " i now have 6 free hours a day i don ' t know what to do with . " 
snooki says she ' d like to be chris christie ' s workout buddy .   christie said , " thanks but i already have a medicine ball . " 
yesterday , dennis rodman tweeted to north korean leader kim jong un to " do me a solid . " then today , rodman told german chancellor angela merkel to   " back that ass up . " 
in south carolina , former governor mark sanford won a congressional seat after dragging around and debating a cardboard cut - out of nancy pelosi .   then someone explained that was nancy pelosi .   
arnold schwarzenegger ' s son was reportedly kicked out of a night club for throwing ice at a dj .   you could tell he ' s arnold ' s son because on the way out , he said , " it was ice knowing you . " 
tomorrow , the minnesota legislature will vote on a bill to legalize same - sex marriage . however , many in minnesota still believe that marriage is " a sacred union between a man and a plate of cheese fries . " 
according to a new poll , americans trust judge judy more than they trust supreme court justices . americans say judge judy won their trust after her landmark decision in the case of " drunk lady vs other drunk lady . " 
in oklahoma , a man who was in a dispute with a company says they sent him a " threatening dildo . "   of course , we all know that " threatening dildo " is just a fancy term for lawyer . 
a 105 - year - old woman in texas claims the secret to her long life is eating bacon every day . then she admitted that she ' s actually just 37 . 
justin bieber was pulled over by police officers while driving in dubai . apparently , justin didn ' t realize that there are laws in dubai against women driving . 
this mothers day , hooters is letting mothers eat for free . what better way to tell your mother that she raised a cheapskate and a perv ? 
giving your mom a free meal from hooters is only fair . think of all those free meals from hooters she gave you . 
bill clinton is reportedly sick and tired of people asking him if hillary ' s going to run for president . the other question he ' s tired of hearing is " where are your pants ? " 
this morning , martha stewart met up with two men who contacted her on match . com . and this afternoon , martha ' s website posted its most interesting " sandwich " recipe yet . 
long john silvers has just hired a new executive to completely revamp   their menu . for starters , he said they ' re going to start experimenting with something called " fish . " 
in a new interview , lindsay lohan says that , after rehab , she ' s thinking of adopting a baby . not to be her child , but to be her designated driver . 
taco bell has announced that they are introducing a new " $ 1 cravings " menu . here ' s how it works— you pay one dollar , you eat the food and then you crave a toilet . 
some republicans are saying that due to his current scandals , president obama could be impeached .   in response , obama laughed and said , " two words fellas –   president biden . " 
vermont has passed a new bill making it okay to possess small amounts of marijuana .   the bill was co - sponsored by representatives ben & jerry . 
today , new jersey governor chris christie spent the day with prince harry .   christie gave prince harry the royal treatment , taking him to a white castle and a burger king . 
kim kardashian and kanye west are having serious disputes about how much privacy they want from the media .   apparently , the media wants to give them some privacy and kim and kanye don ' t want any .   
the upcoming tv season will have fewer gay characters . well – not if andy and i can help it… 
the upcoming tv season will have fewer gay characters . this is what happens when you cancel smash , the new normal and csi : west hollywood . 
a chance to have coffee with apple ceo tim cook is going for over $ 600 , 000 on an online auction .   cook promised that " meeting me is like buying an apple product : way overpriced but you won ' t get a virus . " 
in kentucky , a man snuck into a grocery store overnight and consumed 57 cans of whipped cream , a birthday cake , beer , and cigarettes . kentucky officials are telling everyone to " be on the lookout for a health - food freak . " 
fox is trying to boost ratings by bringing back the show " 24 . " in it , jack bauer has just 24 hours to try and get people to watch " american idol " again . 
in a new interview , joe biden says he spends four or five hours every day with president obama . in response , obama said , " hiring that obama impersonator was the best decision i ' ve ever made . " 
since president obama took office , the democratic party has lost 9 governorships , 56 members of congress and 2 senate seats .   in his defense , obama said , " i did promise ‘change . ' 
minnesota has passed a bill allowing same sex marriage .   as a result , the minnesota twins are changing their name to the minnesota life partners .   
china announced it will no longer buy recycled trash from the u . s . i don ' t have a joke here—i ' d just like to give a round of applause to whatever genius has been selling trash to china . 
sesame street has just introduced its first latino cast member in decades . it ' s an undocumented blue monster who will work for half as many cookies . 
a new study shows that owning a pet lowers a person ' s risk of heart disease . and , eating a pet raises the chance that you just had lunch at ikea . 
o . j . simpson was in court trying to overturn his conviction on armed robbery and kidnapping . o . j . said , " i ' m tired of everyone thinking of me as a robber and kidnapper and forgetting what a great murderer i am ! " 
chinese authorities recently arrested over 900 people for selling counterfeit meat . china warned the us that the meat is being sold under its street name , " arbys . " 
jc penney ' s new ads thank customers for " coming back to us . "   then the customers explained , " we ' re only coming back to return crap we bought at jc penney . "   
footage has surfaced from 1962 of a young barbara walters working undercover as a playboy bunny .   you can tell it ' s her because she keeps asking men if they want their drinks , " on the wocks ? " 
some taco bell restaurants are testing out new breakfast tacos . taco bell said their breakfast tacos are perfect for people who are starting their day stoned . 
according to a new study , couples who have a sex schedule are more likely to stay together . even better news – my wife penciled me in for late august . 
according to a new survey , 42% of americans have an unfavorable view of hipsters .   when they heard this , hipsters said , " big deal – we had an unfavorable view of ourselves way before it was cool . " 
there ' s a new movie coming out about bill and hillary clinton ' s early years together . the movie has a happy ending , and then hillary walks in . 
despite the irs scandal , 53% of americans say they approved of the job president obama is doing .   the other 47% are being audited . 
despite being involved in 3 scandals , president obama ' s approval rating is at a relatively high 53% . americans everywhere said , " let us know when it involves an intern and oral sex . " 
a new report says that someone close to the president knew about the irs scandal and kept his mouth shut . in other words – we can rule out joe biden . 
speaking at a college commencement , president obama said that as an african - american , " i could have been in prison . i could have been unemployed . " to which the republican party replied , " working on both . " 
it ' s been reported that californians donated almost $ 600 , 000 to new jersey governor chris christie ' s reelection campaign . and by californians – i mean my monologue writers . 
the nra is holding a fundraiser for new jersey governor chris christie . the nra likes chris christie because he has a lot of places to conceal a weapon . 
north korea has fired six missiles in the past three days . in a related story , south korea is pregnant . 
the largest ever powerball jackpot , $ 590 million , was won by someone in florida . in a related story , someone in florida just spent $ 590 million on bath salts . 
england is sending the first british astronaut to the international space station .   he ' s the first astronaut looking forward to the food . 
lamborghini is celebrating its 50th anniversary .   lamborghini is so freaked out by turning 50 that it just bought itself a lamborghini . 
a man in california was robbing a house when he butt - dialed   911 by accident . so now he ' s in prison , where his butt is dialing 911 on purpose .   
at a mini - reunion of the brady bunch cast , barry williams who played greg brady sang " the real slim shady . " you can read all about it by googling the word " sad . " 
michelle obama recently said she could take a whole afternoon and talk about barack ' s failures .   she was immediately hired by fox news .   
according to a new survey , white americans are more likely to see president obama as angry than black americans .   after hearing about it , obama got really angry – according to white americans . 
rush limbaugh said the only reason president obama will not be impeached is that he ' s black . asked for comment , black people everywhere said , " it ' s true - we ' ve had it too good for too long . "   
a college student in georgia was worried that his parents would be mad at him for flunking english , so he faked his own kidnapping . however , the parents figured it out when the ransom note said , " we has your son . " 
a man gave a waitress a $ 1 , 000 tip so she could take a trip to italy .   it was an olive garden waitress whose dream is to one day try italian food . 
the ceo of yahoo who just bought tumblr for 1 . 1 billion dollars says she will not remove porn from the site .   when asked why , she said , " because i don ' t want to lose 1 . 1 billion dollars . " 
during a senate hearing yesterday , senator john mccain said it was too hard always having to update apps on his iphone . no one had the heart to tell him the device he was holding was a garage - door opener . 
yahoo ceo marissa mayer made it clear that all x - rated content will remain on tumblr . many people heard the news and said , " well , time to find out what tumblr is ! " 
a new study shows that most people are not as good looking as they think they are .   the study was conducted by the institute of that bitch ashley . 
in a new interview , brad pitt said he has very few friends . in other words , just one more thing that brad pitt and i have in common . 
in new jersey , a woman found her lost dog by luring the dog back with bacon .   she also found the governor of new jersey .   
a judge has forbidden a lesbian couple from living together . the judge said , " you two are living with with me ! " 
today president obama officially acknowledged that military drone strikes killed 4 americans . then he said , " ask me about the irs again and i ' ll make it five . " 
joe biden recently said that president obama is learning to speak without a teleprompter . biden said he gave up using teleprompters years ago , when all of his kept committing suicide . 
senator john mccain recently asked apple ceo tim cook why the apps always need to be updated . mccain also wanted to know how often he should feed siri . 
an analyst said that toronto mayor rob ford , who was caught on video smoking crack , is actually " a pretty good mayor . " in fact , since taking office in 2010 , he ' s only slept 4 hours . 
pope francis said that atheists are still eligible to go into heaven . and , to return the favor , atheists said that popes are still eligible to go into a void of nothingness . 
according to a new poll , the most popular country in the world is germany , and the least popular is iran . and once again , the winner of class nerd was micronesia . 
a new international poll finds the least popular country in the world is iran .   after hearing this , north korea said , " what do we have to do ? " 
in pennsylvania , a couple stabbed each other in an argument over who should win american idol .   at least we finally know why american idol is losing so many viewers . 
in texas , a pregnant woman ' s heart stopped , she had the baby and then she was brought back to life .   man , that kid is never going to hear the end of it . 
brad pitt said he has trouble recognizing people he knows and blamed it on a condition known as " face blindness . " you may know " face blindness " by its scientific name , " being a jerk . " 
sharon stone is in talks to make " basic instinct 3 " . stone said she ' ll start filming next week unless her demands are met . 
fans of “game of thrones” are upset about the number of characters that died violently on last night’s episode . well , all i have to say is – just wait ‘til you see how this show ends tonight . 
this week , president obama is going to be engaged in high level talks with the president of china . the president’s message to china is going to be , “i swear we’ll have the money for you by tuesday ! ” 
it’s being rumored that scarlett johansson will play a young hillary clinton in a movie about her life . as a result , the part of a young bill clinton will be played by bill clinton . 
a new report says that donald trump has spent 1 million dollars trying to figure out if he should run for president in 2016 . experts are already calling it the world’s most expensive “no . ” 
the supreme court ruled that the police can take your dna when they take you into custody . so suddenly , police women everywhere are trying to arrest ryan gosling . 
a new study found that kfc sells 25 pieces of fried chicken a second . it was 50 pieces a second but then chris christie had his stomach stapled . 
cnn denied that it’s phasing out wolf blitzer . in fact , according to larry king , wolf has a good 70 years left . 
will smith and his son jaden’s smith’s new movie “after earth” , bombed at the box office this weekend . today , jaden told his dad , “next time you want to do something with me , how about a fishing trip ? ” 
burger king has developed a ‘hands - free’ whopper - holder . of course , if you have feel the need to have a hands - free whopper - holder , there’s probably something else you should be putting around your neck . 
in a new interview , michael douglas says his throat cancer was caused by performing oral sex on too many women . the interview appears in the “journal of overcompensating for having just played liberace . ” 
last night at the miami heat - indiana pacers game , justin bieber was booed when his face appeared on the jumbotron . when bieber noticed , he asked , “why are they booing that poor girl ? ” 
michael douglas is now denying that oral sex caused his throat cancer . meanwhile , all his former girlfriends are denying his oral sex caused anything . 
a new report says that if republicans want to win over young voters they need to get up to date on technology . the gop is listening because today they told young people everywhere , “be prepared to receive a very exciting fax from us ! ” 
last night , a judge in l . a . officially legalized kim kardashian and kris humphries’ divorce . kim said , “i’ll never make a mistake that big again” and then patted her belly carrying kanye west’s baby . 
disney is coming under fire for raising the price of admission to disneyland to $ 92 . even worse , it now costs you $ 50 to just get out of “it’s a small world . ” 
a frozen berry mix has been recalled after giving 34 people in different states hepatitis a . also not helping is that the berries used to go out with michael douglas . 
a company has developed the first porn app to be used on google glass . which is why another company is now developing the first product to clean google glass . 
united airlines is being sued by a woman because a male passenger sitting in the same row kept masturbating on the flight . it ' s the case of united airlines vs . kate upton . 
burger king has developed a ‘hands - free’ whopper holder that goes around your neck and holds your burger . after hearing this , whopper eaters asked , “what’s a neck ? ” 
in a new interview , snooki said she lost her virginity when she was 14 . snooki said that looking back she’s glad that she waited . 
last night at a fundraiser , first lady michelle obama got into a heated face to face confrontation with a heckler who turned out to be a lesbian . after hearing this , bill clinton said , “this story just keeps getting hotter and hotter . ” 
google has banned a porn app for google glass . a google spokesman said , “we’re a principled company , so if you want to look at smut and filth , you’ll just have to use our website . ” 
the founder of ikea has stepped down . he said he plans on spending some time putting his life back together . 
domino’s pizza has released a youtube video of the company delivering pizza with a drone . that is just shocking – showing something that kills innocent civilians every day , getting delivered by a drone . 
in australia , scientists discovered a lake that hasn’t been affected by climate change or any other man - made influences and they’re calling it “god’s bathtub . ” then today , someone peed in it . 
yesterday , sofia vergara said one of her favorite things about of a newly unveiled wax figure of herself are the feet . she said , “before today , i didn’t even know i had feet . ” 
the taco bell employee who was photographed licking a stack of taco shells has been fired . he’s been replaced by michael douglas . 
the 84 - year - old woman who won the half - a - billion - dollar powerball has asked for it to be paid in a lump sum . then she coughed and said , “actually could i get that in the next hour ? ” 
the 84 - year - old woman who won the powerball said someone let her cut in line to buy the winning ticket . the man she cut in front of said “it was worth every penny to scope out that ass . ” 
it’s come out that the government has been secretly collecting telephone records of millions of verizon customers . or as verizon is calling it – the friends and family and obama plan . 
republican florida senator marco rubio now says he will vote against his own immigration bill . in fact , he’s now gone so far to the right , he’s introducing a bill to deport himself . 
due to recent sexual misconduct in the military , senator john mccain is suggesting women avoid serving altogether . mccain added , “and if they really want to play it safe , they might also want to stop working and voting . ” 
last night , taylor swift attended the cmt awards with her brother as her date . in a related story , taylor is now writing her weirdest breakup song yet . 
toyota has recalled over 200 , 000 priuses . apparently , there was a problem with the engine that prevented the drivers from acting smug . 
everyone’s ok , but a rapper has been arrested for allegedly stabbing an nfl player . the rapper is being charged with “impersonating an nfl player . ” 
there’s a growing trend among veterinarians of prescribing medical marijuana for dogs . doritos is cashing in on this with their new flavor just for dogs – “cool ranch your own balls . ” 
pope francis said that it is a sin for people to waste food . then he made chris christie a “saint . ” 
it’s been reported that kanye west will not be in the delivery room when kim kardashian has her baby . before anyone gets mad , this was at the request of the baby . 
scientists have discovered a 55 million year old fossil which makes it the world’s oldest primate fossil . or as larry king calls it , wife # 2 . 
in los angeles , a porn star was sent to jail for pretending to his co - stars that he didn’t have an std . he’s also been banned from the porn industry for being a convincing actor . 
mcdonald ' s has started introducing breakfast items at night for what it calls an “after midnight menu . ” it’s all part of mcdonald ' s’ new slogan , “welcome alcoholics . ” 
nsa whistle - blower edward snowden’s girlfriend is a pole - dancer . i guess that settles the debate over whether or not he’s a hero . 
house speaker john boehner called nsa whistleblower edward snowden a “traitor . ” but only because snowden leaked the settings for boehner’s tanning bed . 
marco rubio announced a new bill that would require immigrants to learn english to become citizens . many americans already say it’s the goodest news they has heard all year . 
hillary clinton has joined twitter . bill clinton said , “that’s fine – as long as she doesn’t catch me on match . com . ” 
the new playstation 4 will allow gamers to record video footage of their gaming and share it with friends . all the gamers would need is an internet connection and friends . 
an anonymous bidder paid $ 1 million for a private lunch with billionaire investor warren buffett . the first tip warren buffet gave him is , “stop paying 1 million dollars for lunch – you moron . ” 
in san francisco , police say rapper 2 chainz was robbed at gunpoint . police say the primary suspect is fellow rapper , “needs 2 chainz . ” 
before we get started , if i can just ask everyone to shut their phones off . that’s right – i have some jokes i don’t want the government to hear . 
due to the government spying scandal , sales of the classic george orwell’s book 1984 have skyrocketed . so the fallout from the scandal is worse than we thought : it’s making americans read ! 
senator marco rubio has proposed a measure requiring that all immigrants must know english . opposing the bill are civil rights advocates , immigrants rights’ groups , and arnold schwarzenegger . 
hispanic senator ted cruz , who is fighting the immigration bill , described himself as “obamaphobic . ” you know you have obamaphobia if you’ll deport immigrants even though your last name is cruz . 
it’s come out that the summer interns at google make about $ 6000 . 00 per month . the news was reported to me by the interns at this show . 
jarod from subway is now worth $ 15 million . so it’s official : jarod , you can eat somewhere other than subway . 
conservative commentator glenn beck is suffering from paralyzed vocal cords that have made him unable to speak . but not to worry – doctors are working round the clock to make sure this condition continues . 
a truck driver in new jersey who got a penile implant is suing because he had an 8 - month erection . the truck driver said he’s more comfortable with a semi . 
this sunday is father’s day . or as nba players call it – don’t answer the phone day . 
i’m excited because this sunday’s father’s day and i’m a dad . i don’t know what i’m getting yet , but i have a feeling the government knows . 
google is denying that it supplied unlimited information to the nsa . google’s exact words were : “don’t worry america . your obsession with asian milfs is safe with us . ” 
a new myspace has officially launched . so at least now there’s one place americans can go for privacy . 
a recent report finds that , by the year 2043 , white people will no longer be the majority in america . and , by 2050 , people will be saying , “i’m not racist – one of my best friends is white . ” 
a recent court case may have laid the groundwork for interns getting paid . its’ the landmark case of conan vs . the college students who wash his car . 
in japan , the oldest man in recorded history has died . he is survived by 14 grandchildren , 25 great grandchildren , and his college roommate , larry king . 
the budget airline spirit airlines is now serving canned wine . a spokesman for spirit said , “hey , if it’s good enough for our pilots , it’s good for our passengers . ” 
this week , paula deen is expected to appear on “the today show . ” deen said she chose the today show because they mostly keep that roker guy outside . 
over the weekend , fans of paula deen staged a protest against her firing . deen’s fans were so upset they held a hunger strike for eight seconds . 
paula deen is also being accused of paying some of her employees in beer . after hearing this , andy richter asked , “is she hiring ? ” 
no one knows exactly where nsa whistleblower edward snowden is hiding at the moment . snowden released a statement saying “no one will find me unless some big mouth jerk starts blabbing like a - hole . ” 
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi was convicted of having sex with an underage prostitute and sentenced to 7 years in prison . the good news is , by the time he’s out , that prostitute will be legal . 
hostess , announced that twinkies will be back on store shelves in july . the ceo reassured fans that , not only will twinkies be the same recipe from last year , they’ll also be the same twinkies . 
kate middleton recently announced that she plans to have a natural childbirth . and by natural– she means no drugs , just surrounded by the queen’s guards in a golden palace . 
a united airlines plane took off for a ten - hour flight without toilet paper on board . on the bright side – people finally found a use for the sky - mall catalog . 
a farm in washington is raising marijuana - fed pigs . you know when a pig’s been raised on marijuana because it’s always craving bacon . 
in boston this weekend , several men attacked former pop star aaron carter and accused him of being on “new kids on the block” territory . police are calling it the saddest turf world in the history of the world . 
kanye west and kim kardashian have named their newborn girl north west . the baby is named after the direction in which it will to escape . 
this weekend , pope francis did not attend a concert in vatican city given in his honor . the pope said , “i love all of mankind , but josh groban can suck it . ” 
paula deen’s son has defended his mother , saying that she has a “good heart . ” he added , “or she will if she ever stops eating her own food . ” 
despite the controversy , the annual paula deen cruise has not been canceled and has added another cruise ship . each cruise ship can hold up to seven paula deen fans . 
it’s been reported that nsa whistleblower edward snowden has been living in the moscow airport for two days . not because he’s a fugitive , but because he’s flying united . 
apple’s new operating system lets users give siri a male - sounding voice . the sad part is , every time you ask him a question , he says , “let me ask my wife” and then it’s right back to the female voice . 
instagram has decided to allow pictures of breastfeeding . the decision is being called exciting news by mothers and creeps . 
chris brown is being charged with a hit and run and brown claims the charges are bogus . brown said , “i would never hit someone with my car . ” 
an amusement park has opened in mexico and one of its rides is a fake border crossing . the ride begins in a fake tijuana and ends outside a real home depot . 
home depot has started selling a spray that can make any object waterproof , called “never wet” . when reached for comment , michael douglas said , “we’ll see about that . ” 
today , kim kardashian and kanye west revealed just why they named their baby “north . ” it turns out – they’re a - holes . 
today’s supreme court rulings mean that gay marriage is legal in california . which begs the question : andy , what are you doing this weekend ? 
today , president obama personally called and talked to the two lesbians who helped legalize gay marriage in california . it was awkward at first because the women had to put bill clinton on hold . 
in his written dissent , supreme court justice antonin scalia implied that he disapproves of gay sex . my guess : he’s just doing it wrong . 
during an interview on the today show , paula deen started crying and said , “i is what i is . ’ so apparently deen’s not racist – she’s popeye ! ” 
during her interview on the today show , paula deen said she only used a racist slur once . when reached for comment , the food network said , “that’s why we only fired her once . ” 
paula deen claims she has gotten support from rev . jesse jackson . but then deen corrected herself and said , “or maybe it was the mailman - - i don’t know , they all look the same . ” 
the new frontrunner in the new york city mayoral race is anthony weiner and some analysts say it’s due to name recognition . and actually , i think a few people recognize more than just his name . 
at a yahoo shareholder meeting yesterday , an old man stood up and hit on yahoo ceo marissa mayer . he told her , “since the first time i saw you , i’ve wanted to google your yahoo . ” 
the national institutes of health announced today that it plans to retire over 300 chimps from medical research . this is great news for anyone out there who’s in the market for a really pissed off chimp . 
the latest rumor is that kanye west has proposed marriage to kim kardashian . reportedly kanye said , “i pledge to love , honor , and cherish you like no one else on earth” and then turned from his mirror and proposed to kim . 
hot day today – people were sweating like paula deen at a ludacris concert . 
despite a week of being called a racist , paula deen’s new cookbook is already on amazon’s bestseller list . as a result , rachel ray just declared she’s not crazy about mexicans . 
paula deen’s book isn’t even out yet and it is already # 1 on amazon . at the bottom of the sales page , amazon says , “customers who liked this book may also like alabama in the 1950s . ” 
this week’s supreme court rulings have been a setback for black voting rights , but a leap forward for gay rights . which is why rupaul is calling it , “the most confusing week of my life . ” 
chris christie said the supreme court ruling on gay marriage is “wrong . ” however , christie did admit he has had chef boy - r - dee inside of him . 
sesame street has laid off 10% of its workers . the count told everybody , “you have 1 - 2 - 3 minutes to clean out your desk . ” 
scientists have discovered that men are genetically programmed to look at other women . so… sorry ladies… it’s science . 
a man in nevada recently became the first person to have headphones surgically implanted in his ears . when asked why , the man said , “what ? ” 
martha stewart has admitted to a threesome . actually , the second guy was only there to iron the sheets afterwards . 
a new report reveals that mexico has replaced the u . s . as the world’s fattest nation . in fact , now mexicans are trying to cross the border just to ask us , “are you going to finish that ? ” 
it was reported on friday that paula deen fired her publicist . her publicist is calling it “black friday” and i can’t repeat what paula deen is calling it . 
next presidential election still 3 years away . the republicans are already trying to paint hillary clinton as too old to be president . in fact , their new ads claim she’s so old she could be a republican . 
last week , to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the battle of gettysburg , hundreds of people dressed their dogs up like abraham lincoln . when reached for comment , the ghost of abraham lincoln said , “this makes it all worthwhile . ” 
former new york governor eliot spitzer , who was caught frequenting prostitutes several years ago , is running for office again in new york . his campaign slogan is “spitzer : creating jobs by the hour . ” 
judicial scholars are saying that the current supreme court has repeatedly come down on the side of big business . when asked about it , chief justice roberts said , “i’m lovin’ it ! ” 
a new study finds drinking three pints of beer a week permanently dulls the brain . so now you know : never stop at just three . 
a woman who recently turned 100 gave a tv interview and would not stop talking about penises . the woman is known only by her first name , “madonna . ’” 
a new report claims that osama bin laden was able to avoid being detected in pakistan by wearing a cowboy hat . pakistani authorities say , “i guess he just got lost in the sea of other 7 - foot muslims guys wearing cowboy hats . ” 
new york city now has two men , anthony weiner and eliot spitzer , seeking political office despite recent sex scandals . which is why new york is changing its nickname to “the city that never sleeps with its wife . ” 
televangelist pat robertson said he wishes facebook had a “vomit button” he could push whenever someone posts a photo of a gay couple kissing . of course , the other option would be for pat robertson to stop searching online for gay men kissing . 
a new report reveals that mexico has replaced the u . s . as the world’s fattest nation . the mexican government has done a lot of research and it turns out their people eat way too much mexican food . 
in pittsburgh a man was arrested at a taylor swift concert for holding a sign that read “taylor swift is with satan” . swift got angry and said – “for the record , satan and i broke up two months ago . ” 
hostess has announced that the new twinkies will have an even longer shelf life . the ceo of hostess said , “let me put it this way – our goal is to make twinkies outlast people who eat twinkies . ” 
according to a recent survey , the most stolen vehicle in the u . s . is the ford f - 250 . and for the 10th year in a row , the least stolen vehicle is the plymouth anything . 
the golden corral restaurant chain is being accused of unsanitary conditions after video surfaced of stacks of food near a dumpster . today , a spokesman for the golden corral said , “you want fancy ? go to arby’s ! ” 
among the most popular baby names in 2013 are names like “katniss” and “django” because they come from big blockbuster movies . which means you won’t be running into any babies named “tonto . ” 
in florida , a man was arrested for the second time for having sex with the same horse . after hearing this , women everywhere said , “great , the one guy that’s faithful and he’s into horses . ” 
a video has surfaced of justin bieber urinating into a mop bucket . critics are calling it the " best thing justin bieber has ever released . " 
later in the video where justin bieber urinates into a bucket , justin bieber says “f bill clinton . ” after hearing this , bill clinton said , “that’s what i’ve been telling ladies for years . ” 
eliot spitzer is running for comptroller of new york . spitzer is paying someone $ 800 a day to collect signatures to put him on the ballot . he said it’s the second best $ 800 he’s ever spent . 
in a new interview , former president george w . bush called the immigration system “broken . ” bush said , “and not just in this country , other countries are filled with foreigners . ” 
a connecticut couple named its baby with help from the people at a starbucks coffee shop . so welcome to the world , little “scaldy overprice . ” 
hostess is bringing back twinkies next week , but now employees are complaining about massive wage cuts . a spokesperson for the employees said , “we can’t tighten our belts , we eat twinkies . ” 
according to a new study , college students who have frequent one - night stands have higher levels of anxiety . which explains my nickname in college “captain serenity . ” 
after a video surfaced of justin bieber saying , “f bill clinton , ” justin bieber called to apologize to bill clinton . no word on when bieber plans to call everyone who’s ever heard his music . 
justin bieber apologized to the president clinton for what he did to his photo . in return , clinton apologized for what he did to a photo of selena gomez . 
justin bieber’s side kick , lil twist , was arrested for dui while driving bieber’s car . but don’t worry , if there’s anyone who can survive prison life , it’s probably justin bieber’s sidekick lil twist . 
president obama’s approval rating is down to 44% . you can tell obama is getting desperate , today , he gave a speech entitled , “hey , guys , the twinkie is coming back . ” 
dc comics has released a new comic in which superman kills someone . then at the end of the comic book , he’s signed by the new england patriots . 
the detroit lions quarterback matthew stafford signed a new contract worth $ 76 million . they’re paying him $ 10 million to play quarterback and $ 66 million to live in detroit . 
a 14 month old girl was playing on her dad’s iphone and accidentally bought a car on ebay . by the way , this was the exact same excuse i used when my wife found all the porn on my computer . 
a new study claims that doctors cut babies’ umbilical cords too quickly . the study says if you wait to cut the cord until they ' re 18 , you can save a lot of money on groceries . 
according to a recent study , the state that drinks the most beer in the country is north dakota . in fact , one night north dakota got so drunk , it woke up next to west virginia . 
the inventor of the game twister has passed away at age 82 . he spent the last 6 months with one foot in the grave and one foot on the color red . 
kate middleton and prince william are expecting the baby any minute now . the royals say they don’t care what gender it is - as long as it’s healthy enough to never work a day in its life . 
twinkies are back on the shelves and people are complaining that they are smaller . ironically , the people complaining about it are not smaller . 
pope francis showed up to his first public prayer in a ford focus . all i have to say to the pope is— good luck keeping that vow of celibacy cruising around town in a ford focus ! 
at a nascar race over the weekend , danica patrick caused a three - car accident , and one of the cars was her boyfriend’s . afterwards , danica said , “in fairness , he has been bugging me to have a three - way . ” 
it’s been announced that , this fall , chris christie will guest - star as himself on an upcoming prime - time show . it’s the premiere of the cbs spinoff , “how i ate your mother . ” 
yesterday , beyonce was spotted shopping in a target . there was an awkward moment at the cash register when beyonce was rung up by the other members of destiny’s child . 
the new ad for men’s wearhouse no longer features the famous catch phrase , “you ' re going to like the way you look . i guarantee it . ” now it says , “quit bitching - you just bought a suit at a warehouse . ” 
a sports medicine college has come out with its annual list of the fittest cities in america . for the 4th year in a row , there aren’t any . 
over the weekend , madonna attended her son ' s bar mitzvah . the ancient institution that turns boys into men said the bar mitzvah was a lot of fun . 
it’s come out that 9% of americans text during sex . the report also found that , in most cases , men text “omg” while women text “lol . ” 
some americans are texting during sex . of course i still miss the good old days of faxing during sex . 
the new twinkies are said to be smaller , but to last longer in the wrapper . in a related story , i’m suing the hostess company for stealing my pickup line . 
this week , millions of americans await the return of the twinkie , while millions of british citizens await the arrival of the royal baby . so we’re both waiting for something that’s small , soft and will probably last 80 years . 
retired british soccer star david beckham is telling prince william and kate middleton to name their baby after him . the royal couple agreed and now everyone is excitedly awaiting the birth of their baby : mr . posh spice . 
at the white house yesterday , former president george h . w . bush gave president obama a pair of socks . president obama thanked him and said , “the last time i got a gift i got from the republicans , it was mitt romney . ” 
mcdonald’s plans to open its first restaurant in vietnam . so , looks like we might win that war after all . 
rush limbaugh claims he is now allowed to say the n - word . after hearing this , paula deen said , “let me know how that works out for you . ” 
former disgraced governor eliot spitzer is running for office again in ny and it’s come out that he once gave a hooker $ 500 to take care of her sick cat . well , technically , it was an appointment with her gynecologist . 
it’s rumored that the new playstation controller will measure the degree to which you’re sweating . in response , gamers asked , “what’s sweating ? ” 
in georgia , the tea party is planning to raise funds by having a carnival . because if there’s a carnival ride you want to go on , it’s one free of government regulation . 
10% of americans confess to texting while having sex . most of them say they only do it to let their spouse know they’ll be working late tonight . 
this weekend , a woman in colorado gave birth inside a wal - mart . apparently it’s the first thing found in a wal - mart not made in china . 
people are anxiously awaiting the birth of prince william and kate middleton’s baby . i was in south central la today , and everyone is on pins and needles . 
today the queen said that she would like the royal baby to be born before she goes on vacation . then someone reminded her she’s , more or less , been on vacation since 1952 . 
former vice president dick cheney’s daughter liz has decided to run for the us senate . she’s running on the slogan : “elect me , or i’ll make my dad vice president again . 
the pope is offering time off from purgatory for anyone who follows him on twitter . he also said it’s cool for catholics to have premarital sex as long as they “like” his facebook page . 
it’s been revealed that the iphone will not autocorrect the word " marijuana . " this explains why the other night , snoop dog was delivered a package of marinara . 
yahoo’s newest financial report shows a big drop in revenue from last year . yahoo says they found out about the drop after googling it . 
in florida , a former nfl player was arrested for leaving a toddler in his car while he went to a strip club . today the nfl commissioner said , “you know— i prefer to think of this as a story of a player who still has custody of his child and didn’t murder anyone . ” 
the rapper nas has just received a prestigious fellowship from harvard university . nas is being honored for his groundbreaking theory that “bros” must always precede “hos . ” 
a new survey shows that the average american man’s penis is 5 . 6 inches long . i don’t know about you— but i think it’s time we switched over to the metric system . ( i’m packing 142 millimeters ) . 
according to a new report , johns hopkins hospital in baltimore is the best hospital in the country . the worst hospital ? big al’s appendectomy hut . 
any walmart can be a cool , smoky jazz bar if you bring your own jazz band and smoke machine . 
when justin bieber pees in a mop bucket , it’s national news . when i do it , i just get kicked out of home depot . 
i didn ' t watch " sharknado” . it conflicted with my dvr taping of " clamquake . " 
it’s been a few years , so i’m just wondering : is it still hard out there for a pimp ? 
i suffer from the irish curse - my penis stays out drinking all night . 
“one if by land and two if by sea” refers to my bathroom habits on trains and ships . 
don ' t mean to brag , but many women say i combine the power and presence of a mr . roper with the raw sexual energy of a mr . furley . 
i think the aaa motor club is really a cult that lures people in with friendly service , reasonable rates , and convenient locations . 
i assume ' escape plan ' is about stallone and schwarzenegger trying to escape their speech coaches . 
queen elizabeth is getting a raise , after she played hardball by threatening to take her waving and weak smiles elsewhere . 
i hope the nfl takes steps to bring its player murder rate back down to acceptable levels . 
hey supreme court , where were you 17 years ago , when i wanted to elope with bill pullman ? 
tmz and babies both derive their life - sustenance from nip - slips . 
whatever we think the future will be , let’s all agree right now to never wear those tight silvery unitards . 
the ceo of men’s wearhouse was fired . he’s filing a suit , an inexpensive , not very stylish suit . 
i hope the government wasn’t spying on iphones , or they’re going to have millions of records of people saying , “sorry , you’re cutting out . ” 
government collecting data from our cell phones ? no wonder barack obama always beats me at words with friends . 
played softball with my son last night . he says i “throw like a conan . ” 
just woke up from a nap and discovered 18 more “game of thrones” characters have been killed . 
in 10 years , my wife and i have never gone to bed angry . thanks , couch and spare pillow 
i’m going to be like my dad and show up to every one of my son’s little league games , but without all the betting . 
i ' m pretty sure karate was invented by a guy and a bee . 
whenever i feel like l . a . is sketchy , i remind myself that most of its van - based tattoo removal clinics are “fully bonded . " 
mark my words : on the last episode of “game of thrones , ” we will finally get to see all the dragons naked . 
according to a new survey , almost 10% of women lie about the size of their breasts . which is why i always carry around measuring tape . 
president obama is embroiled in three scandals . after hearing this , bill clinton said , “amateur . ” 
i just found out i’m being audited . i don’t remember joining the tea party . 
just tried to make a benedict cumberbatch anagram and i now have a hernia . 
for fun , i sent a dick pic to siri and she just replied , “i think you meant to send a picture of a penis . ” 
my version of a meltdown is spending five minutes angrily shouting the word , " chambray " to ll bean ' s automated voice recognition system . 
according to a new poll , kristen stewart is now the least trusted movie star in america . movie star ? she told me she was a cattle rancher ! ! ! 
forbes magazine named tim tebow america’s most influential athlete . just 1 more reason why i always get my sports news from forbes magazine . 
youtube may start charging ? i guess cats are sick of working for free . 
just downloaded a cool new app that lets me use my phone as a drink coaster . 
i watched the kentucky derby and said to my wife , “all that build up for two minutes . ” why did she give me that look ? 
the more i learn about prunes , ichthyosaurs , and basket - weaving , the more i question my reading habits . 
paparazzi are the worst . sometimes i give them the exact time and address , and they’re still late . 
just saw that movie " oblivion " . apparently everyone in the future is either really good looking or morgan freeman . 
congratulations to nba player jason collins on being brave enough to admit that he’s a washington wizard . 
scientists claim that half of the world’s languages will be dead by the end of the century . so i learned klingon for nothing . 
all the living presidents were at the opening of the george w . bush presidential library . bush demanded to know , " where ' s martin sheen ? " 
i thought auto - erotic asphyxiation was when you strangle your car while you ' re having sex with it . 
i’m in the best shape of my life . just benched twice my birth weight . 
someone in the vatican was found downloading porn . he was looking at shocking images of women in positions of leadership . 
congrats to adam scott on his incredible and historically significant masters win ! i hope this doesn ' t mean he ' s leaving " parks & rec " . 
just learned that spotify can’t turn people into dogs . 
facebook has apologized to a mom for removing breastfeeding pics - the only baby pictures on facebook that anyone has ever wanted to see . 
the first line of brad paisley’s “accidental racist” is “to the man that waited on me at the starbucks down on main” . that old country cliché ? 
it was a great weekend of basketball , but for me , the final four will always be the winner and three runners - up on “toddlers & tiaras . ” 
it ' s hard to transition from " the walking dead " to " mad men " in one week . amc could help by having don draper wear an eye patch . 
hear that ? that’s the sound of harlem shake videos not being made . i think we’re in the clear . uh oh , i hear something outside my office… . 
is it ok to ask a very pregnant librarian if she ' s overdue ? 
i ' ve been practicing like crazy , and i now play just as well as jimi hendrix . i ' m talking about shuffleboard . 
harvard just won its first ever ncaa basketball tournament game . finally , that spunky little school is catching a break . 
i picked m . i . t . in my ncaa pool . their robots are unstoppable . 
happy st . patrick ' s day . i ' m celebrating my family ' s long history of depression and ineffectual rage . 
scientists have built an internet for robots . my advice : knock before entering your robot’s bedroom . 
pretty soon " the view " is just going to be whoopi goldberg , alone , quietly checking her email . 
felt a big tremor yesterday in la . that was either an earthquake , or ryan gosling smiled softly in southeast asia . 
turns out folgers in my cup is only the 27th best part of waking up . 
i went to jail as a teenager and i cried the whole time . haven’t played monopoly since . 
if you have a table that you use just for scrapbooking , chances are we don’t agree on what’s funny . 
is it a freudian slip when you mean to say “saxophone” and you actually say “man , i sure would love to have hot steamy phone sex ? ” 
cool ranch - flavored lube . # justputtingitoutthere 
don’t you hate it when the false bottom on your sock drawer holds less than 10 victoria’s secret catalogs ? 
i love how vine lets me record 6 - second videos - it’s perfect for making sex tapes . 
the line between hipster and homeless gets thinner by the day - scarf . 
jennifer lawrence : sorry i couldn ' t be your oscar date tonight , but emmanuelle riva is going to be there - and you know how my exes are . 
i relate a little too much to that new marvel superhero , captain needy . 
just hired dr . dre to produce my first rap album , “ladies be frightening . " 
in honor of president’s day , i won’t be getting along with congress . 
billy dee williams was offered a role in " django unchained " - - but he didn’t want the dee to be silent . 
this valentine ' s day , show her you care by grabbing anything off the cvs shelf with a heart on it . 
i’m thinking of getting one of those cross - bred dogs but i can’t decide between a chihuahuaweilleranian and a saint bernauzeroodle . 
just found out that my jazz fusion quartet , celestial seasonings , is getting sued by some friggin’ tea company . 
i still can’t get a publisher for my new novel , “unpublishable” . 
i just did a cameo in the porn movie “flesh police” as jimmy , the castrated desk clerk . 
it’s fun going through the bible and highlighting all the “begats . " 
my kids have that asian flu where their throats hurt and their math scores are up . 
let me get this straight - we can put a man on the moon but we can’t replace the sound of my toilet flushing with a rimshot ? 
i don’t mean to name - drop , but i was just ignored by kato kaelin . 
my super bowl rule : never bet on a team named after an edgar allan poe poem . 
told my son there are 8 sides on a stop sign . he said “and an mma fighting cage . ” 
you’d better get a piano crate if you want to bury me with all the airline earphones i’ve accumulated . 
i keep offering my brain to science , and science keeps saying , " no , we ' re good . " 
my apologies to the nice people at the lady foot locker in sherman oaks . that’s all i can legally say for now . 
historical fact : the term " baker ' s dozen " comes from 1692 salem , where townsfolk unfamiliar with yeast burned 13 bakers at the stake . 
my insistence on cuddling afterwards has taken all the fun out of masturbation . 
my son just built a death star out of legos , which is scary since the lego kit was for a barn . 
the only way this manti te ' o story could get any weirder is if it turns out he ' s not real either . 
my wife and i each have a celebrity we ' re allowed to sleep with , no strings attached . hers is ryan gosling . mine is also ryan gosling . 
who knew it was considered “harassment” to ask female interns if my speedo’s too tight ? 
when i die , i want to become a blue hologram who follows jedis around , making fun of their hairstyles . 
my version of a celebrity roast is getting cut off in traffic by wilmer valderrama . 
i can’t believe we’re almost four years away from someone using “gangnam style” as a deliberately outdated comedy reference . 
the big news story of the day is incredible , and i have a humorous take on it . 
a 9 - year - old african - american girl was nominated for an oscar . how good is she ? she played the title role in " lincoln . " 
to prepare for these recently announced ultra hd tvs , i’m having my entire face glazed with smooth porcelain . 
tonight , notre dame plays alabama in the bcs championship game . i was home for the holidays so i’ve had quite enough of the fighting irish . 
i just bought a painting from an emerging abstract artist , or someone just sold me their napkin . 
i just ate a package of oreo cookies so i wouldn ' t binge on them later . 
the new york jets just fired their general manager . there , all fixed . 
i will not see “les mis” because it’s too long , and because they went with amanda seyfried over me for the part of cosette . 
i have a solution for the fiscal cliff that ' ll satisfy all and fix the economy . go to the pay phone near the laundromat . wait for my call . 
i ' m hoping this is the year we finally get a prequel to “norbit . ” 
i think eva longoria is stalking me . just caught her staring at me as i crouch inside her hedges . 
should i be concerned that my wife gave me a $ 3 , 000 gift card for “big al’s powerful deodorant hut” ? 
this green 1992 ford taurus is just a loaner , ladies . you should see my real green 1992 ford taurus . 
gotta say , all of my mayan friends have been pretty quiet today . 
this mall santa seems insulted that i put down that protective paper before sitting on his lap . 
only seven more shopping days until i give my family cash for christmas . 
according to youtube , getting drunk is a requirement to drive a pallet loader in a foreign warehouse . 
just noticed that “egg nog” spelled backwards is “gon gge” . that’s right , i’m holding a mirror and drunk . 
nothing says , “i don’t know how to play this video game” like shooting the same oil barrel for 40 minutes . 
we’ve come so far ; i just saw two snowmen getting married . 
my favorite thing about " here comes honey boo boo " is that the title is not so much a description as a mafia - style threat . 
in order to justify eating veal , i just pretend the calf was funnier than me . 
wow . i was just sent the iphone 7 . the seats are very comfortable . 
just found out the original name of the notre dame " fighting irish " was the " brawling depressives " . 
my kids are in that really cute pre - medicated phase . 
is it weird that all my “sons of anarchy” fan fiction ends with everyone getting along really well ? 
i just did 200 crunches . nestle ' s crunches . 
just once , i’d like to see an old chevy pick - up truck with the vanity plate “luv2cuddle . ” 
my kids no longer believe in santa claus , the tooth fairy or mortgage - backed securities . 
i just got into a bar fight over how angry birds star wars fits into the star wars expanded universe . 
everyone loves denzel washington as a drunk pilot in “flight” . why no love for me as a drunk passenger on jetblue security footage ? 
in a survival situation , you can drink your own urine . fortunately , my wi - fi came back on just as i was filling the can . 
in my house , lol means laugh or leave . 
they ' re making 9 more star wars movies . i can ' t wait until darth maul becomes darth mall - walker . 
in hawaii , a woman got away from a 12 foot tiger shark by punching it in the mouth . she was immediately escorted from the aquarium . 
regardless of who you ' re voting for today , do the right thing & write me in for michigan drain commissioner . the madness must stop . 
i ' m still undecided on who would be the better president : tommy lister from " the fifth element " , or terry crews from " idiocracy " . 
am i the only one that tests " forever " postage stamps by smothering them with a pillow ? 
the nfl network ' s singing football is so cute ! oh wait that ' s cee lo . 
a new sperm bank offers the sperm of athletes and rock stars . finally , athletes and rock stars will be able to have illegitimate children . 
the history channel used to be cool , but they ' re just stuck in the past . 
every generation wants their children to be featured in a slightly less unflattering reality show than they were . 
i saw the time travel movie " looper " . i saw it twice , the day it came out and when they rereleased it in 2044 . 
mitt romney once invested in the yankees . which finally explains the time the yankees tried to trade alex rodriguez to china . 
i consider myself a one - percenter since i’m in the one percent of people who saw both “deuce bigelow” movies . 
“goodness gracious , that is painful ! ” is what i should have yelled when i stubbed my toe in front of my kids . 
i hear that in order to expand “the hobbit” into a trilogy , they incorporated some of my pornographic gandalf fan fiction . 
the emoticon just turned 30 . i wish there were some way to express how little i care about this news . 
mitt romney said his campaign is " about the 100 percent . " then romney said , " the 100% of the 53% who don ' t like the 47% . " 
lamborghini has announced a major recall of their cars . so , if you have a lamborghini , please return it to your local rerun of " miami vice . " 
hooters restaurants have a new campaign aimed at attracting female customers . so far all they’ve come up with is “lesbian thursdays . ” 
anyone who says you can’t judge a book by its cover hasn’t seen the cover of “the big book of huge breasts” . 
ben & jerry’s is suing a porn company . i hate it when my two favorite things to binge on aren’t getting along . 
only the second known photo of emily dickinson has been published . us weekly’s “stars without makeup” just keeps getting better . 
the gift bags from the mtv video music awards included condoms and hot pockets . let’s hope nobody confused the two . 
the democrats are in charlotte . wouldn’t you know it , bill clinton showed up in the wrong charlotte . 
i can’t wait for my kids to open their labor day presents . i gave them each an extra sick day for the upcoming fiscal quarter . 
am i the only one who cries during “alien vs . predator” ? 
overheard some conservative latino kids in a pool playing “marco rubio . ” 
here’s a little known fact : the murder capital of the u . s . is east murderton , wisconsin . 
if anyone wins the lottery friday with 4 , 11 , 19 , 24 , 36 and 48 , you owe me big time . 
the factory that makes fake vomit is still in illinois . # usa 
just spared my 8 year old son years of teasing and a lifetime of therapy by buying him a boy ' s bike . hear that , dad ? a boy ' s bike ! ! 
whom or who should i ask about whether to use whom or who in a sentence ? 
how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if the price of wood made chucking prohibitively expensive ? 
should i be worried ? my son just filed the serial number off his squirt gun . 
twitter is a nonstop series of pointless arguments by people i don’t care about . it ' s like thanksgiving . 
i’m pretty sure this on - hold music i’m listening to is a medley of “satan’s favorites” . 
took the kids to see “ice age 4” , and they asked why i wasn’t cast as the snow - covered stick . 
a new study says men’s brains order the body to fall asleep after sex . still no word on what makes women fall asleep during sex . me cry now . 
it was 100 degrees today . i haven’t seen 3 digits since i visited my old shop teacher . 
all that talk of swimmers peeing in the pool makes me want to be the first leg of the relay . 
i’m going to go out on a limb and say americans should be free to marry any chicken sandwich they choose . 
other than candy , ice cream , honey , sugar , and sugar substitutes , is there anything sweeter than the love of your family ? 
this chick - fil - a scandal has got me worried . i want to go to arby’s but i don’t know where they stand on the unrest in syria . 
the media is way more interested in kristen stewart cheating on robert pattinson than in me cheating on my cholesterol test . 
why no tv coverage of my favorite olympic event , the 300 - meter self - recrimination ? 
the olympics are being streamed online , so last night at 3 a . m . i tried to convince my wife i was on the computer watching archery . 
mitt romney is at the olympics . mitt said he loves watching people from other countries work for no money . 
it’s reported that kim jong - un got married . he’s registered at the local , “bed , bath and other things they don’t have in north korea . ” 
reportedly , there are many trucking jobs that no one wants . trucking industry : make trucking more like the battle at the end of " mad max ii . " 
athletes at the olympics are being issued 15 condoms each . or as the men’s table tennis players put it , “14 condoms too many . " 
my biggest problem with these bath salt cannibal attacks is believing americans would willingly eat lean meat . 
look for me on next week’s episode of " breaking bad . " i play a beaker of thorium oxide . 
i suspected the u . s . olympics team uniforms were made in china when i noticed the pants didn’t have a cup holder . 
it ' s quiet today in la . reminds me of the day the kings won the stanley cup . 
my wife is so cute , always clearing her browser history and throwing the computer out a window when i walk in the room . 
we can all help cure our dependence on foreign oil by becoming depressed and sleeping most of the day . 
money doesn’t grow on trees . your move , multinational agricultural biotechnology corporations . 
lots of people buy “2000 flushes” , but i’m probably the only one who counts every one of them . 
just ate at poquito mas . not one person there was poquito . 
just found out the wife is writing a book about our honeymoon , called “50 shades of just o . k . ” 
the rumor is mitt romney is getting overconfident . at least , that was the talk today at the romney presidential library . 
i can’t decide whether to join chris brown or drake’s entourage . which one offers dental ? 
jenny mccarthy is on her seventh nude spread . wow , i’ve only done five . 
justin bieber’s new album is not selling as well as expected . think how bad it would be doing if i hadn’t bought 50 , 000 copies . 
hey , is it too late to stake me in the world series of poker ? it’s $ 10 , 000 , and i’ll lose , but i’ll wear a windbreaker with your name on it . 
just blew my chance to be on the cover of “cigar aficionado” with an uncontrollable coughing fit . 
i’m going to try one of those taco bell doritos locos tacos , just as soon as i’ve finished recording my living will . 
katy perry’s starting her own record label . it will be the first one that releases both cds and c - dds . 
mitt romney’s trying so hard to connect with the latino community , today he had himself deported . 
my family back east is dealing with the heat wave the old - fashioned way : resenting it until it goes away . 
good humor has announced a shortage of chocolate eclairs and king cones . i blame obama . 
my wife can always tell i ' m lying because i break down in tears and scream , " i ' m lying ! " 
apparently zynga is bringing their hit app " draw something " to tv . i hope this won ' t affect my forthcoming show , " instagram nights " . 
the red sox are in last place . the nationals are in first . i ' m ready for you , locusts . 
how many baby carrots offset five adult cupcakes ? 
the new yorker sent out jennifer egan’s new story one tweet at a time . similarly , all my tweets comprise a complex nacho recipe / suicide note . 
none of the new interns are ticklish , so that was awkward . 
why do other parents give me dirty looks when i have my son assemble an m - 16 blindfolded ? 
it’s my theory that the stanley cup is named after paul stanley from kiss . 
a six year - old was in the national spelling bee finals . she must be quite prekoshus . 
if you’re a fan of old guys and envelopes , wednesday’s nba draft lottery was the most exciting night in sports . 
there was a tropical storm named “bud ? ” i assume it’s the first one to threaten the coast wearing a wife beater . 
this morning i thought i heard a neighbor blasting that new skrillex song i like , but then i realized it was just the garbage truck . 
i’m sure the guys mitt romney bullied in high school take comfort in knowing he’s now a famous billionaire . 
a sad moment for civilization : i just bought greece with an old can of olives . 
cbs greenlit a sitcom based on groupon . why is tbs stalling on my idea “val - pak buddies ? ” 
they say “opposites attract” and yet i don’t have the hots for the tanning mom . 
today , facebook went public , just as myspace’s last user went private . 
snooki is considering filming her childbirth , on the off chance there’s someone out there who hasn’t seen her vagina yet . 
you know who’s behind this big push for gay marriage ? the immensely powerful tuxedo industry . 
instead of flowers , i sent my mom an assortment of unsecured greek treasury bonds . 
i’m just like the hulk , except when i’m mad , i get dry mouth . 
i just heard someone logging onto aol . instead of “you’ve got mail” the voice now says , “greetings , old fool ! ” 
this baseball season has an upside : my son gets to see the red sox i grew up with ! 
i went to see “the avengers” today and it was sold out . i looked like an idiot dressed like the hulk during a showing of “think like a man . ” 
hey , say what you will about donald trump . seriously , go ahead . 
ever get really into playing a video game , only to discover it was just one of those high - tech japanese toilets ? 
easy mistake : instead of renting " moneyball , " i accidentally rented a porn film called " milf wranglers vi , volume ii . 
what will history remember more ? muhammad ali vs joe frazier , or gavin degraw vs jaleel white ? 
i looked in the bathroom mirror this morning and saw my dad looking back at me . we should stop taking baths together . 
take a moment to thank the veterans of our many storage wars . 
why are people so impressed by wine cellars but so saddened by my jagermeister crawlspace ? 
i just heard the craziest recording of mel gibson . he was speaking in calm and measured tones . 
30% of all web traffic is porn . that number climbs up to 70% if you count those of us who masturbate to lol cats . 
i saw rick santorum on the news today . he was making sure a pregnant pause reached full term . 
looks like i’m getting back one chicken leg and 4 golden sacagawea coins . i probably shouldn’t do my own taxes . 
my wife won’t see the new three stooges movie with me . she’s still mad they didn’t go with shemp . 
tax question : is it technically considered cheating if you claim your 5 . 4 million twitter followers as dependents ? 
there are two kinds of mexican restaurants . those that serve fresh authentic cuisine , and ones that serve the cheap , greasy junk i love . 
katy perry has a new 3 - d concert movie coming out . nope . no joke to make there . 
president @ barackobama claims to be a trekkie . but where’s the proof ? why won’t he release his fan fiction ? 
my mother used to hide the eggs in the same place every easter . . . the dairy section of our local supermarket . 
i refuse to play the masters tournament until augusta national admits women . i encourage all other non - golfers to do the same . 
i just saw a lame white guy lip - synching a jay - z song as i drove past the mirror store . 
they can see every man ' s bald spot and down every woman ' s blouse . that ' s why giraffes are always smirking . 
my new ipad is getting real hot . i’m confused… are they not microwavable ? 
the smithsonian has a video game exhibit . there’s even a tour guide who yells at you for not being outside on such a nice day . 
like most party animals , i start my weekend by checking the three day forecast on pollen . com . 
got my oil changed downtown just so i could tweet something that sounded dirty . 
how embarrassing . my son opened a box labeled " daddy ' s things - private " and found all my styx cassettes . 
anyone else worried that we ' re in the midst of a cupcake store bubble ? 
that moment when you realize you’ve put too much wasabi in your mouth ? only time i’m happy . 
i finally saw " drive " . man , it really captures that awkwardness of when the girl you’re courting watches you kill a henchman on an elevator . 
at some point , i’m going to have to tell my kids they’re not adopted . they’ll be crushed . 
hey guys , i’m starting a cool new hashtag : # tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber 
any good will the irish earn during the year , they squander it all on st . patrick ' s day . 
when they finally found carmen sandiego , her bones were scattered in a coyote den . 
can someone please recommend a good del taco ? i’m getting bored with my local one . 
whoever said “clothes make the man” has not seen me struggling into a pair of mantyhose . 
michigan state has a new course on surviving a zombie apocalypse . i think it’s a trap because the prerequisites are english 101 & brrrains . 
it’s very considerate that all theaters showing " project x " have a special “creepy older guy” section . 
it’s being reported that the richest man in the world right now is a mexican billionaire . his name ? mitt romniguez . 
i found the ipad 3 announcement especially disappointing because i’m still standing in line for my ipad 2 . 
i ' ve been practicing for this year ' s st . patrick ' s day . every morning , i have my personal trainer punch me in the face . 
ever notice that you never see the lorax and wilford brimley in the same room together ? # admititwilford 
i can ' t decide which i prefer , burial or cremation . can you try one and then switch if you don ' t like it ? 
the civil war reenactments are a little different here in la . larry king is always on hand yelling , “it wasn’t like that . ” 
i wonder if my car ' s blind spot compensates with a heightened sense of touch and smell . 
just saw a jeremy lin jersey on sale for $ 300 . these prices are jeremy insane ! wait… did i do that wrong ? 
today i’m gonna get high and see if the nixon tapes sync up to pink floyd . 
“fine , sure , go ahead . weird , but i like it . ” ( god greenlighting the armadillo ) 
if meryl streep is really such a great actress , why won’t she play the lead in my new movie , “the tupac shakur story” ? 
another monday where i can’t decide which archie character to shave into my chest . 
i can’t believe no one likes my show idea about a bunch of undead bathroom remodelers called “the caulking dead” . 
give me a call , justin bieber ! together we can make a fortune selling “i can’t belieb it’s not butter” to kids with high cholesterol . 
an arizona senator wants to create a special holiday just for white people . we already have one called the season premiere of " mad men . " 
what will become of the skymall catalogue when there are actually malls in the sky ? 
now that football’s over , i have my sundays back . get ready , santa monica men’s quilting workshop ! 
i lost $ 500 betting yesterday . not on the super bowl , on “downton abbey . ” 
make sure to watch for my commercial during the super bowl . you ' ll only see it if you’re watching a “sex and the city” re - run on e ! . 
turns out “bingo bango bongo ! ” is not a good thing to yell out during sex . 
i had to see a men’s doctor today . why ? let’s just say " newt is no longer surging in the polls . " 
i like the name " groundhog day " much better than the original " pull out the dirt rat time . " 
mitt romney won the florida primary . amazing how much better he runs when he ' s left in the charger for the full 8 hours . 
being a celebrity means i can get any restaurant reservation when george clooney cancels at the last minute . 
just got some weird looks at the health club when i unrolled my ke $ ha yoga mat . 
project runway star tim gunn said that he hasn’t had sex in 29 years . i had no idea he was married . 
patriots by 7 . this is my pick for the superbowl . and for any future u . s . revolutionary wars . 
time for a little spring cleaning . does seal team 6 do gutters ? 
according to a new study , talking after having sex is just as important as sex . i’m just glad listening isn’t important . 
there’s a " great gatsby " film coming out in 3 - d . they say it’s like fitzgerald’s depiction of a generation ' s angst is coming right at you . 
if you love the gutsy tom brady & the high drama of today ' s afc matchup , you ' ll love the dvd rerelease of " sisterhood of the traveling pants . " 
south carolina voters just found out newt has been seeing north carolina voters on the side . 
i’m getting so many spam e - mails for the genie bra , i’m starting to wonder if maybe i should do something to perk up “my girls . ” 
if antihistamines are used to make meth , then it stands to reason that meth will help my chest cold . 
the golden globes claim they don ' t have a category for late night television , but it sure feels like an " irish thing " to me . 
did you know if you mix coke zero , pepsi one , hazelnut coffee , and ketchup , you get yelled at by the manager at 7 - 11 ? 
the tea party is still looking for the “anti - romney . ” they’re so desperate , they’re starting to look at president obama . 
a new study claims that dogs are able to read our expressions and know what we want . i had no idea i wanted a dog to hump my leg . 
thank god beyonce had her baby and can go back to work . for the past six months that family ' s had to live entirely on jay - z ' s salary . 
i challenge you to find any youtube video that wouldn’t be improved by the addition of a basset hound dressed as sherlock holmes . 
hey , good & plenty candies – you definitely got your name half - right . 
when i really need a good laugh , i just imagine edward scissorhands attempting to eat crab legs . 
for the dictator of a rogue state , kim - jong un is really mellow and fun to video ichat with . 
the university of oregon ducks won the rose bowl ? i haven’t said “congratulations , ducks ! ” since i watched mallards have an orgy in my pool . 
on chinese new year’s day , i watch chinese college football . 
america’s giving up . this year in times square they’re going to drop a giant cinnabon . 
as i look around at everything we have , i want to thank the one who makes it all possible : china . 
of all the pirates who sailed the seven seas , i’m pretty sure bluetooth was the most annoying . 
last night , my kids saw mommy kissing santa claus . that’s the last time we go to that mall . 
tis the season where we get to use the word “tis . ” 
all done with my christmas shopping . thanks , shell gas gift cards ! 
one of the nation’s defense agencies has a new app out for tracking santa claus . so it sounds like we’re finally going to capture the sob . 
they discovered bed bugs can procreate with their siblings . this is not the image boost bed bugs needed . 
good news for trump : sammy hagar and david lee roth have agreed to let him moderate their debate . 
sinead o ' connor got married for the fourth time ! in her vows , she said , “only three other guys have compared 2 u . ” 
i took my kids to see the guy in the red suit today . that’s right , the spider - man on hollywood boulevard . 
i’ve never gotten into a bar fight , unless you count the time i argued with that bartender who claimed to be out of drink umbrellas . 
for the second time in under a week , an iphone has exploded . now i want the one that explodes . 
first my kids stopped believing in santa . then they stopped believing in herman cain . 
kobe bryant has a lot of work to do to get ready for the season . we just played one - on - one , and he only beat me 200 - 4 . 
when will someone build a piano that isn’t inherently racist ? 
not gonna say what i bought , but amazon just reviewed my order and said , “you might also be interested in therapy . ” 
scotch looks delicious , but then you take one sip and it tastes like a leather furniture store that ' s on fire . 
can’t believe it’s not even thanksgiving and some people are already putting up their christmas tweets . 
herman cain says , “we need a leader , not a reader . ” is it me , or did herman cain just endorse rick perry ? 
question : if i decide to switch from team edward to team jacob , how will that affect my rollover minutes ? 
the downside of fame ? i can’t walk out of a nice restaurant without immediately getting harassed and hounded by a waiter holding the bill . 
los angeles hasn’t changed me . i still put on leather pants one leg at a time . 
i wonder if this month’s issue of " men ' s health " will have any articles about abs . 
once regis retires , i’ll have no more competition for weirdest first name on the air . 
in north america yesterday , for a few seconds , the entire internet went down . or , as it ' s known in my house , " the day i spoke to my wife . " 
with all this negative attention on herman cain right now , i’ll bet little caesar is grabbing boobs like there’s no tomorrow . 
got in a fight about the treaty of versailles . i said the german fines were too punitive ; the guy at starbucks said buy something or leave . 
i am not doing well at fantasy football , mainly because my starting quarterback is patricia heaton . 
gadhafi may have been worth 200 billion dollars when he was killed . even more tragic , he was just two days away from retirement . 
just learned that my name spelled backwards is nanoc , the eskimo word for “tall redhead who spells his name backwards” . 
those who forget the bad historical movies of the past are doomed to remake them . 
a publisher just asked me to write my autobiography , but they want it to be about johnny depp . 
according to new research , too much sex can cause temporary amnesia . finally , something that explains my photographic memory . 
my kids asked me what the wall street protestors were angry about , & i told them it was the crappy father’s day gift they gave me last year . 
i hope this doesn’t sound creepy , but i have to admit the new volkswagon beetle has a really nice ass . 
excited for the " breaking bad " season finale tonight . my prediction : something will not go as planned and meth will be involved . 
they say if you love something , set it free . so i just set free my collection of korean pornography . 
ah , autumn in la , when the stagehands spray the leaves such pretty colors . 
i look forward to having grandkids , so i can share my wisdom . mostly wisdom about angry birds , angry birds rio and angry birds seasons . 
when i die , i just want my tombstone to read “george clooney . ” that ought to pull in some visitors . 
the latin grammys were just announced . i can’t believe i was overlooked for my solo album , “el hombre muy blanco . ” 
this october ' s issue of “playboy” will only cost customers 60 cents . so for the price of a cup of coffee , you could help feed a naked woman . 
sometimes i get my kids to stop misbehaving by telling them the rick perry under their beds will execute them . 
california may be releasing thousands of female inmates . who will write me letters now ? 
a new book claims sarah palin had sex with nba star glen rice . that’s where she got the phrase , “drill , baby , drill . ” 
i think newt gingrich is the # 1 presidential candidate in the “could be related to bilbo baggins” category . 
freud said " love & work are the cornerstones of our humanness . " i say it ' s love and that show " pawn stars . " 
today might be labor day , but i ' ll always remember it as the day when tsar peter i of russia imposed a tax on beards . 
woke up and read that stan lee is suing the movie " conan " for ripping him off . now my father is suing stan lee . 
look for me in a spin - off of “so you think you can dance” called “so you’ve been stalking cat deeley . ” 
i like my women the way i like my coffee . yup , i like blonde slutty coffee with low self esteem . 
just a reminder to check on your elderly relatives during these hot summer months . hi dad . there , my job’s done . 
rick perry is a religious , right - wing conservative who’s a former pilot and the governor of texas . finally ! one of those ! 
mitt romney says “corporations are people . ” so that’s why ibm keeps calling asking me to “hang out . ” 
" newsweek " apologized to michele bachmann for making her look crazy . can’t wait to see this week’s cover with gary busey . 
betting big on tech stock . is “america online” a good company ? 
i try to learn one new word a day and use it in a sentence . today that word was " today . " 
there are 81 restaurants in the world with three michelin stars and none of them are white castle . the system is broken . 
being pale in southern california isn’t easy , which is why i appreciate the judgment - free environment at turtleneck beach . 
can’t believe it’s shark week again . it seems like just yesterday i was taking down last year’s shark week decorations . 
i can’t watch jeopardy now that i know alex trebek sleeps in the nude . it’s the same reason i can’t watch those barbara walters specials . 
just in case , i start every phone conversation with , “you can hang up now , rupert murdoch . ” 
turns out , " cowboys & aliens " is not about arizona’s immigration laws . 
mccain called the tea party “hobbits” & the tea party called mccain a “troll . ” i’m finally starting to understand this debt ceiling thing . 
children grow up so fast . one day they’re taking their first steps , the next they’re taken away after a judge rules you’re a negligent parent . 
if voldemort is such a powerful wizard , why can’t he conjure up a new nose ? 
i’m in and out of my car a lot faster since i made gary busey the voice on my gps system . 
they’ve closed a major freeway here in la and are calling it “carmageddon . ” i would’ve called it “the carshank redemption . " 
i’m thinking of outsourcing a company in india to write my cultural stereotype jokes . 
i can’t believe the aerobic workout i get every day running from cat deeley’s bodyguards . 
i’m trying to decide which to see : “bad teacher , ” “horrible bosses” or “crappy transformers . ” 
the lapd asked me to warn you to avoid the 405 freeway on july 16 & 17 , or else the red light photo of me driving in a satin slip goes viral . 
six years ago newscorp bought myspace for $ 580 million . last week they sold it for $ 35 million . today i saw it on ebay for 88 bucks . 
message to mitt romney : if you don’t become the next president , don’t worry , you’ll always be mayor of handsometown . 
william shakespeare smoked weed ? now i can finally mount that “two gentlemen from verona” production with cheech and chong . 
now there’s just one boston guy nicknamed whitey living in los angeles . 
new app idea : everyone gets a unique set of numbers . type those numbers into the app and you can speak to each other ! 
there ' s a big difference between seeing the sign " employees must wash their hands " , and seeing " employees must wash their hands . . . right ? " 
happy 100th birthday , ibm ! or , should i say , " 0110100001100001011100000111000001111001 00100000001100010011000000110000011101000110100 . " 
it ' s probably time for congressman weiner to resign . hopefully we’ll get better behavior out of his replacement , richard penis . 
my thanks to congressman anthony weiner for making my job so easy this week . now it’s your turn , supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg . 
75 degrees and sunny outside . this is perfect rollerblades gather more dust weather . 
my baloney has a first name . it ' s jeff . think i need to switch brands . 
i hear there ' s an evil peacock in kung fu panda 2 . those kids movies are so unrealistic . 
hey , it ' s jack mcbrayer ' s birthday . let ' s all chip in and buy him an indoor toilet ! 
product placement is so pervasive these days it makes me want to doritos . 
i ' m not a competitive eater unless someone orders french fries " for the table . " 
i hate holding my wife’s purse when she’s buying shoes , especially when she’s buying them on zappos . 
if you see only one hilarious movie about wacky bridesmaids this week , make it “thor . ” 
my son asked me where babies come from , and to distract him i said " some day we ' re all going to die . " 
oprah has revealed who the guest will be on her final show and it’s not me . p . s . congrats to whoever “will smith” is . 
i just discovered that i can power all my appliances with the perkiness of that girl in the progressive insurance commercials . 
describing an erotic fantasy involving a jeff dunham puppet will make your therapist raise her price . trust me . 
does anyone else have a feeling that pakistan knows where the hamburglar is ? 
an amish community is in trouble because their outhouse is leaking into the public water supply . quilt your way out of this one , beardy ! 
gary johnson has entered the republican presidential race . yes - that gary johnson ! 
lady gaga’s song “judas” has sparked outrage from catholics . also not helping : she still wears meat on fridays . 
on this day , jesus broke free from the giant chocolate egg and led his bunny army to victory against the nazis ! 
“glee” is making a special episode dedicated entirely to lady gaga . but in a way , isn’t every episode of “glee” dedicated to lady gaga ? 
it’s tough sharing a birthday with kourtney kardashian . our friends never know which party to go to . 
eight more days of lent , then it’s back to chocolate , bourbon , and lady boxing on pay - per - view . 
tom waits is going to be the voice of an animated character in an upcoming film . the film is called “the bunny who only ate fiberglass . ” 
dennis quaid said his biggest mistake was cocaine . or , as randy quaid calls it , " mistake # 479 . " 
mitt romney busted me for having hair envy . imagine how jealous i ' ll be if trump runs . 
great , applebee’s starts serving toddlers alcohol and my kids gave up booze for lent . 
if trump runs for the white house , how will he decide between gary busey and meatloaf for vice president ? 
if the government shuts down , the irs will be closed , according to my accountant , wesley snipes . 
the federal government might shut down on friday , which means on saturday morning , this bad boy is gonna park his car in a loading zone . 
the other day , california high school students sang for the pope , or as they referred to him , “the dude in the hat . ” 
i like to teach my kids that they can do anything . for example this year , our taxes . 
yesterday , president obama admitted that he owns an ipad . obama says he uses it to play his favorite game , “angry birthers . ” 
i am really experiencing “pain at the pump . ” i am also really hurting from the price of gas . 
worst pick up line for this time of year : " want to see my final four ? " 
charlie sheen is doing a 21 - city comedy tour . being a mentally unstable out of work tv star on tour was my idea . 
according to a new study , drinking too much soda can reduce a man’s fertility . guess i’d better stop drinking “doc brown’s vasectomy pop . ” 
the " spider - man " musical is ineligible for next year’s tonys , which is a shame – it was a shoo - in for “best shrieking plummet from a ceiling . ” 
saint patrick’s day is named for saint patrick , the first guy to feed guinness to a snake . 
happy birthday to la clippers’ blake griffin . and of course , to thomas de beauchamp , the 12th earl of warwick ! 
already filled out my march madness brackets . i picked “the king’s speech” over uconn . 
subway has surpassed mcdonald ' s to become the world’s largest restaurant chain . if you thought jared was an unbearable prick before . . . 
wal - mart has announced that it will begin selling the ipad 2 this spring . in packs of 1200 . 
a new study shows that 72% of shopping carts contain traces of fecal matter . oh my god , they’re on to me . 
this week in new orleans , a pastor was caught masturbating in public . police are describing the incident as “mardi gras . ” 
borders books filed for bankruptcy . how do you sleep at night , angry birds ? 
valentine’s day always makes me think of 3rd grade , and my first real crush . here’s to you , vice president spiro agnew . 
man ! justin bieber is really showing up everywhere to promote his concert film . this morning , he made an appearance in a rerun of chips . 
got invited to the playboy mansion for valentine’s day . it’s the cincinnati branch , but still , pretty cool . 
this super bowl could end in sudden death ; especially for that fat guy in the packers hat eating bratwurst . 
if costco is just a grocery store on steroids , then wal - mart is just a 7 - eleven with type 2 diabetes . 
you know that button in the elevator with a fireman’s hat on it ? turns out that’s not the button you push to order a fireman’s hat . 
first there was kermit , then cookie monster , and now steven tyler . thanks , jim henson ! 
l . a . is full of neurotic , egomaniacal attention whores . but there’s also bad people . 
i can ' t wait to try the new gigantic starbucks size , " trenta " . or as it ' s called in the midwest , " a medium " . 
just saw " storage wars , " where people bid on items in storage containers . mankind is two months away from being completely out of ideas . 
after seeing " black swan " last night , i no longer think i have what it takes to be a great ballerina . 
i love these post - holiday bargains . who knew i could get megan fox’s underwear for just 12 thousand dollars ? 
i think tickets to “conan” is a nice christmas gift , i don’t know what my staff is complaining about . 
the fear of getting stuck in a chimney is called santaclaustrophobia . i wrote that joke when i was eight , and it still holds up . 
so excited - today , wikileaks will reveal what channel tbs is on ! 
the latest rock band videogame might be too realistic . it’s just four smelly guys sleeping on a bus as they cross ohio at night . 
as a lifelong patriots fan , i hope they win , and as a compulsive gambler , i hope it’s by less than 3 1 / 2 points . 
as if the tsa couldn’t get any creepier , today they announced they’re changing their name to uncle tsa . 
tlc announced that ratings for “sarah palin’s alaska” are much bigger than the show it replaced , “joe lieberman’s connecticut . ” 
thinking of removing my calf implants . my eyes are up here , ladies . 
according to the ancient mayan calendar , this year txlaquatl falls on a mxipoltec . 
my favorite thing about november ? limited edition turkey m & m’s . 
it’s been a crazy ride , but i finally hold the record ! no one has hosted “conan” more times than i have . 
extremely hot in l . a . today . just more proof of god’s plan to wipe out the california irish . 
if nfl receiver terrell owens called timeout during overtime , it would be a to to in ot . who says i don’t know football ? 
last year for halloween my daughter went as a witch . this year , she’s going as christine o’donnell . 
all of the chilean miners have now been rescued . geologists say the mine is now also a rich source of “man - stank . " 
tried changing my facebook status to “craving gumbo” but facebook automatically changed it to “boycott the facebook movie . it’s all lies ! ” 
watched “boardwalk empire” last night . needs more snooki . 
the nobel prize in science has gone to scientists who created an ultra - thin carbon . actually it ' s normal thickness , but wearing stripes . 
the white house announced it ' s switching to solar power . as a result , 20% of americans now think obama is an apollo - worshipper . 
the chilean miners could be released this weekend… just in time to see michael bolton sing on " dancing with the stars . " guys , what’s an extra day ? 
the white house is proposing a way to spy on suspects while they ' re online . the plan is called " signing them up for facebook . " 
david hasselhoff was kicked off of “dancing with the stars . ” he should stick to singing . i mean acting . i mean… 
the " wall street " sequel made 19 million this past weekend . of course , some of that is federal bail - out money . 
fall officially starts today in los angeles . time to put away my shorts and break out my slightly thicker shorts . 
the tea party candidate who won the delaware primary opposes masturbation . and they call themselves patriots… 
kim kardashian is mad that " playboy " released nude photos of her . i know how she feels - - i still haven’t forgiven “pasty gent monthly . ” 
lady gaga just did a vogue photoshoot wearing only raw meat . when she does it , it ' s art - when i do it , it ' s " daddy , you ruined another bbq . " 
it ' s the last weekend of summer , unless you live in la , where it ' s the 198 , 789 , 960 weekend of summer . chew on that , halifax , nova scotia . 
craigslist has shut down their adult services section . looks like the " used futon for sale " ads are about to get a lot more interesting . 
facebook is trying to trademark the word " face " . i am going to trademark the word " aceboo " , and then wait for the dollars to roll in . 
when churchill said " difficulties mastered are opportunities won " , i don ' t think he had ever tried to " sext " on an iphone . 
in a recent interview , kim kardashian says her " entire body is hairless " . sounds like she went into a salon and asked for " the o ' brien " . 
the fda egg recall has hit a total of 380 million eggs . i can’t wait till they find the tired , evil hen that did this . 
the nasa robot doing chores on the space station has its own twitter account . i ' m glad to see nasa is still shooting for the stars . 
stallone ' s movie " the expendables " is # 1 . look for the movie coming out about my exploits in high school : " the let ' sbefriendables . " 
lebron tweeted that he remembers everyone who ' s done him wrong . or more specifically , everyone who told him to grow an abe lincoln beard . 
my wife is out of town for a few days . when the cat ' s away , the mice will watch " g string divas . " 
" jersey shore " has added a new woman to the cast for their next season . no word yet on whether or not she likes to party . 
elena kagan got onto the supreme court with no previous judicial experience . " that’s what i just wrote on my brain surgeon job application . 
wyclef jean has filed papers to run for president of haiti . if his politics are as good as his rapping on " hips don ' t lie " , haiti is saved . 
clash of the titans on dvd features an alternate ending never seen in theaters . also included is the original ending never seen in theaters . 
bp’s ruptured oil well is almost plugged , and just as i was starting to enjoy the taste of petroleum - snapper . 
amazon . com ' s kindle 3 was released yesterday . i read about it on my ipad . 
an lsu professor has invented a remarkable cheap & effective homemade device that soaks up oil . it ' s called " conan ' s face in high school " . 
baskin - robbins will be cutting five ice cream flavors at the end of july . farewell , " cadaver chunk . " 
it ' s the hottest july on record in new york city , unless you count that summer i wore short shorts . 
just read that facebook has reached 500 million users . congrats to everyone who helped create history ' s largest stalker / pedophile buffet . 
the courts have slashed fcc policy , relaxing the ban on tv profanity . coming this fall to tbs : " conan ' s g * d damn f * * * ing sh * t a * * hole hour " . 
i found a huge design flaw in my new iphone . people get angry when i talk on it during a funeral . 
a new study says that men who take drugs for ed have significantly more stds . also , men who take drugs for stds have a lot of stds . 
the queen recycled a dress for a ball in toronto that she had previously worn before . now to google " monarch + nip slips . " 
scholars have revealed jefferson changed " subjects " to " citizens " in the dec of ind . also , " pursuit of happiness " was " score me some stank " . 
today ' s the 25th anniversary of " back to the future " - the movie that popularized deloreans , flux capacitors , & almost nailing your own mom . 
" twilight : eclipse " has been smashing box office records since it opened . for the record , i was sickly pale before it was cool . 
larry king’s retiring after hosting “larry king live” for 25 years . personally , i think hosting anything longer than seven months is overkill . 
i’m # 51 on forbes “celebrity 100 . ” to help you fully comprehend the enormity of my achievement , consider this : judge judy is only # 72 . 
yesterday a marilyn monroe chest x - ray sold for $ 45 , 000 . meanwhile , my dr ' s note saying i have a mild case of shingles just sits on e - bay . 
cable’s ability to attract top - tier talk show hosts continues . welcome aboard , disgraced new york governor eliot spitzer ! 
11 years between “toy story’s” and seven months between “twilight’s . ” by that measure , the “jonah hex” sequel should be out in three days . 
don’t underestimate the influence of the world cup . i’m already adding a vuvuzela section to our tbs band . 
“rolling stone” may have brought down the us military commander in afghanistan . worse , they only gave miley’s new album 3 out of 5 stars . 
yesterday was the longest day of the year , unless you count the time i interviewed lance armstrong . 
happy father’s day . after i was born , my father renamed it “happy ‘don’t try to pin this one on me’ day . ” 
i predicted the celtics would win game 7 and they did , by over 30 points . i watched it all on my special cable channel , delude - o - vision . 
there may not be a smog alert issued in los angeles today , but i am issuing something far worse : a smug alert . celtics will take game 7 . 
what ' s your favorite memorial day memory ? mine is eating a jar and a half of sweet relish and then playing frisbee . ahh , my early 40 ' s . 
my celtics are in the finals ! and by " my celtics , " i mean my second cousins . they ' re all in the final stage of liver cirrhosis . 
bp ' s attempt to cap the oil gusher with mud and cement will be televised . finally , something to fill the void left by " lost " and " 24 " . 
pac - man’s 30th birthday was marred by the sudden deportation of the super mario bros . what were those fools doing in arizona ? 
i just realized that if chazz palminteri married jason mraz , it would mean . . . they loved each other very much . 
i ' m a simple man . i start every day with a cup of joe , the morning paper , and a lavender pan - asiatic body scrub from my man - servant , lobo . 
i came in second to lady gaga in the artist ' s category of the time 100 . once again , i ' m penalized for not wearing a bra that shoots fire . 
who would invest in goldman sachs mortgage investments ? i played it safe and bought greek bonds and magic beans . 
hayley mills , kourtney kardashian , melissa joan hart and i were all born on today ' s date . coincidence ? or the new cast of bad girl ' s club ? 
i just celebrated the end of lent by eating 22 sleeves of peeps . my religion rocks ! 
just got the new ipad . this amazing device has already revolutionized the way i use a calculator . 
i ' m confused by the new census form . there ' s no box for " sickly white . " 
jewish fun fact : if you celebrate passover on top of an overpass , you go back in time . 
hey sports fans , here ' s my ncaa pick : bet it all on the savannah college of art & design . go fighting acrylics ! 
the royal baby was born today . but don’t worry , america - we still have honey boo boo . 
bookies say the odds are 11 : 2 that the royal baby will be named “george” after his great - great grandfather , king george vi . and the odds are 100 : 1 that he will be named “george” after the george foreman grill . 
kate middleton had her baby . the royal baby is 8 pounds but you can’t really put a price on a child . 
the prime minister of britain announced that internet porn will be blocked in all homes , unless the home owners ask for it . then all the home owners asked for it . 
britain says it will outlaw “extreme porn . ” of course , it britain , “extreme porn” means the queen waving without a glove . 
in rio de janeiro , they’ve kicked off world youth day— which is one of the largest gatherings for devout young catholics . in other words , this weekend , comiccon was only the second largest gathering of virgins . 
any of you go to comic - con ? i was going to go , but i was stopped by security for “possession of a wife and a job . ” 
the tsa announced that passengers can pass through security without taking their shoes off if they’re willing to pay an extra $ 85 . that explains the tsa’s new motto , “we catch terrorists who don’t have an extra $ 85 . 00 on them . ” 
one direction released a new single called , “best song ever . " “best song ever” is the first single off their new album entitled , “if you’ve never heard a song before . ” 
the other day at lax , kanye west punched a photographer . apparently , kanye got mad at the guy for not taking his picture . 
a new study finds that the happiest ages are 23 and 69 . and the happiest person of all— a 69 year old dating a 23 year old . 
this weekend , new york held its first ever “smallest penis pageant . ” the competition was stiff , but nobody could tell . 
today the royal baby was officially welcomed with a 62 - gun salute . because if there’s one thing babies love , it’s the sound of repeated artillery fire . 
experts are predicting that royal baby could pump $ 380 million into the british economy . so the question now is , how do we get this kid to move to detroit ? 
prince william revealed today that he changed his first diaper . unfortunately , it was queen elizabeth’s . 
it’s being reported that the royal baby is set to inherit $ 1 billion dollars . in fact , he’s so rich , he’s already dating a girl half his age . 
president obama has issued a statement about the royal baby . obama told the royal baby , “make sure you hang on to the birth certificate . ” 
after his initial sex scandal , new york mayoral candidate anthony weiner sent out more explicit pictures online under the alias , carlos danger . at a press conference , weiner apologized and said , “this will never happen again or my name isn’t carlos danger . ” 
at the press conference today , anthony weiner’s wife said she will stand by her husband . especially when he goes on the computer . 
kim jung un is asking a german brewery to build a beer garden in the north korean capital . today , germany said no , saying , " the last time we teamed up with a small asian country , things got a little crazy . " 
there ' s a new brand of cereal designed to increase sexual stamina . it ' s called " honey nut cheri - ohhhhhs . " 
over the past 30 years , the average american cup size has gone from 34b to 34dd . and that’s just the men . 
kirstie alley has advocated violence against the paparazzi . in response , the paparazzi promised to leave her alone , effective 15 years ago . 
a town in new jersey is trying to block snooki from shooting her new reality show there . however , snooki plans to sneak back in town disguised as an orange traffic cone . 
an employee at subway admitted to putting his penis on the sandwich bread at work and posting the photo . the bad news is he was fired but the good news – he’s now leading the new york city mayoral race . 
prince william and kate middleton’s baby’s name is prince george alexander louis of cambridge . the parents said , “we wanted a name that reflects his great history and gets him beaten up everyday at school . ” - 
queen elizabeth met the royal baby for the first time yesterday . the baby cried until queen elizabeth explained that he’ll never have to work a day in his life . 
new york mayoral candidate anthony weiner said he is focused on moving forward . he said , “throughout this experience i’ve really grown – and if you don’t believe me , i’ll send you a picture . ” 
now a woman has come forward to day that during phone sex , anthony weiner would orgasm in 30 seconds . man— no wonder this guy’s so good at apologizing . 
yesterday , a pro football player for the tennessee titans saved a family from a burning car . then , because he’s an nfl player , he murdered them . 
china has banned the release of " despicable me 2 . " chinese officials said , “putting small creatures to work in harsh conditions is our thing . ” 
an employee at subway has admitted to putting his penis on the sandwich bread at work and posting the photo . even more embarrassing , the sandwich was one of their “2 - dollar 2 - inchers . ” - 
a new york city pedicab driver is being investigated for charging japenese tourists $ 720 for a 20 minute bike ride . he’s been charged with impersonating a regular cab driver . 
taylor swift cancelled a radio contest to meet her “biggest fan” when it turned out her biggest fan was a man nearly twice her age . man , nothing’s working out for anthony weiner these days . 
despite his sexting scandal , anthony weiner is still trying to become mayor of nyc . today , anthony weiner volunteered at a soup kitchen . and trust me— you don’t want to know how he stirred the soup . 
it’s come out that anthony weiner would orgasm in 30 seconds when having phone sex . so either weiner has a stamina problem , or a really bad calling plan . 
anthony weiner is saying other women may now come forward . actually he’s asked them to come forward , then back up a little , then come forward again… 
it has been reported that lebron james will no longer play olympic basketball for the united states . lebron said he won’t play for any country that has less money than he does . 
the nfl wants to test nfl players for human growth hormone but players are opposed . players are saying , “there’s a time and place for blood tests , and that’s at our murder trials . ” 
in pakistan , there’s a new tv show about a female superhero called “the burka avenger . ” her fantastic superpowers include flying , x - ray vision , and “going to college . ” 
a new study shows that on facebook , animal charities are twice as popular as human rights causes . so the answer is obvious— poor people should dress up like kittens . 
a man in india is claiming to be the oldest man on earth at 141 years old . larry king said , “i always like that kid . ” 
at a restaurant in philadelphia , taylor swift left the waiter a $ 500 tip and two tickets to her concert . unfortunately , he still broke up with her . 
just got out of a traffic ticket with tickets to the show . luckily , that cop loves “ellen” . 
wow , slayer’s “raining blood” sure sounds less sinister on a banjo . 
anthony weiner said , “more will come out . ” just how long is this guy’s penis ? 
so , the ceo of google has a $ 15 million sex penthouse ? that’s nothing compared to my $ 20 a month sex p . o . box . 
the united states…… . . is………ranked………… . 9th ………in the……… . world for…………………… internet speed . 
in brazil , three million people attended the pope ' s mass . the pope attributed the huge turn - out to his opening act , the red hot chili peppers . 
three million people attended the pope’s mass in brazil . you could tell it was a big crowd because at communion time , they had to bring out the “body of christ cannon . ” 
today pope francis said he will not judge priests who are gay . in response , gay priests said they will not judge pope francis for “wearing that robe with those shoes . ” 
since his latest sexting scandal , things keep getting worse for nyc mayoral candidate anthony weiner . yesterday , anthony weiner’s campaign manager quit . weiner didn’t give any severance but he did offer him a package . 
bill clinton is reportedly very upset that anthony weiner is comparing his sexting scandal to clinton’s affair with monica lewinsky . today bill clinton said , “real men cheat in person . ” 
in germany , researchers were recently able to stop light from traveling for an extended period of time . here’s how they did it— they placed the light on united airlines . 
the inventor of the world’s first artificial test tube hamburger said that it “looks , feels and hopefully tastes like meat . ” he was immediately sued by arby’s for stealing their slogan . 
taylor swift cancelled a radio contest to meet her “biggest fan” because the winner turned out to a 39 year old man . the radio station said she had to cancel because it’s against the rules for the winner to be a loser . 
rapper dmx was arrested for driving drunk in a 1978 plymouth station wagon . he was charged with a dui and for “being a rapper in a 1978 plymouth station wagon . ” 
things keep getting worse for new york city mayoral candidate anthony weiner . the latest new york city mayoral polls reveal that anthony weiner is in 4th place . or as weiner says , “hey— i’m at the bottom of a foursome . ” 
one of the women who sexted with anthony wiener has been cast in her first porn movie . when asked for comment , anthony weiner said , “see - i’m already creating jobs . ” 
anthony weiner’s not worried he ' s in 4th place . weiner said , “polls don’t mean anything . it’s up to the people of new york . ” then someone explained that the polls are the actual opinions of the people of new york . 
the pope was a huge hit in south america . in brazil , three million people attended his mass . experts attribute the large crowd to excitement over the 1st latin american pope , and it being “jesus bobblehead day . ” 
oprah winfrey’s tv channel , own , has finally turned a profit . i think i speak for everyone when i say— thank god we no longer have to worry how oprah is going to make ends meet . 
a high school in arkansas is letting teachers carry around concealed weapons . so now when students want to ask a question , they raise both hands . 
today , after years of waiting , peace talks resumed between the israelis and the palestinians . wait i’m sorry - - this cue card is from 1979 . 
in a new interview , one direction singer harry styles said that he’s “pretty sure” he’s not bisexual . which at least saves them the hassle of changing the band’s name to “both directions . ” 
over the weekend here in california , a riot broke out at a national surfing competition . nobody was killed , but one man is listed in stable but “gnarly” condition . 
carl’s jr . has debuted a new dessert that features vanilla ice cream sandwiched between 2 strawberry pop tarts . in other words , carl’s jr . will never live to become carl’s sr . 
today is national orgasm day . or as anthony weiner calls it— “wednesday . ” 
a new poll says that most democrats think that anthony weiner has basically lost his mind . weiner said , “the important thing is , i haven’t lost my phone . ” 
the san diego mayor , who is accused of sexual harassment , is asking the city to cover his legal fees . when they refused , he said , “ok fine , come get the money… it’s right down here in my pants pocket…” 
a nevada parole board said oj simpson could be granted early parole . o . j . said he’s looking forward to getting out and showing today’s nfl players how to really murder someone . 
al - qaeda announced they will try to free the inmates at guantanamo bay . because nothing helps you pull off a prison break on a faraway island like announcing it ahead of time . 
there’s a new car coming out from bmw that’s partially made from hemp . it’s the only car in the world that people actually hope catches on fire . 
justin bieber’s tour bus was stopped at the border and police found marijuana inside . bieber said , “oh come on - if that were pot , wouldn’t my music be better ? ” 
according to a report , there is a small town in florida where half the population is made up of sex offenders . good schools , though . 
it’s just been revealed that the nsa has a program that monitors everything anyone does on the internet at all times . i’m not worried though— because my screen name is “i’mandyrichter . ” 
simon cowell is going to be a dad . today , cowell saw the ultrasound and called the fetus “unpolished and totally lacking in charisma . ” 
at a concert this week , justin bieber rubbed a fan’s smartphone on his crotch . in a related story , justin bieber is now in third place in the new york city mayoral race . 
major league baseball said that friday , it will announce which players it’s penalizing for steroid use . so far , the rumor is “all of them . ” 
an nfl player is in trouble for making a comment at a country music concert that is offensive to black people . his comment was “i enjoy country music . ” 
in a recent interview , katy perry revealed that she would like to become a serious actress . she then did a monologue from “macbeth” in a bra made of ice cream . 
facebook has a new feature that allows you to see what you were posting a year ago . to use it , just log onto facebook and click on the “i’m wasting my life” button . 
it was announced today that playboys and penthouse magazines will no longer be sold at army and air force bases . in other words , the army and air force now have wifi . 
today illinois became the 20th state to legalize marijuana . the state also changed its name to chillinois . 
a new car is coming out from bmw that’s partially made from hemp . it’s the first car that can go from 0 to 60 in whatever dude . 
a new study says that teenagers are losing interest in facebook because it’s too popular with their parents . the same goes for weed . 
this weekend , president obama celebrated his 52nd birthday . for his birthday , michelle obama jumped out of cake and told him he’s not allowed to have any . 
this weekend , president obama played golf with some friends , and the winner got to ride in the presidential helicopter . the loser had to ride on a jetski with joe biden . 
photos of the royal baby’s birth certificate have surfaced , and on the document kate middleton’s occupation is listed as “princess . ” it’s always inspiring to me when a new mother decides to remain in the workplace . 
san diego mayor bob filner , accused by multiple women of sexual harassment , has begun two weeks of therapy . his sessions got off to an awkward start when he asked his therapist if her couch was a pullout . 
major league baseball announced today alex rodriguez has been suspended for 211 games . so if you’re familiar with the major league baseball schedule , it means he’ll be out for about a month . 
the $ 380 , 000 project to make the world’s first synthetic hamburger was paid for by google’s founder . that explains google’s new slogan , “we have too much money . ” 
a geyser in yellowstone national park erupted last week , for the first time in 8 years . scientists attribute this to the geyser’s new 19 - year old girlfriend . 
one of the latest trends is atm machines where transactions are conducted by a human teller . the cutting - edge device is being called “a bank . ” 
it was recently revealed that “posh spice” once tried to get “sporty spice” kicked out of the spice girls . luckily , things were calmed down by reasonable spice . 
it’s being reported that justin bieber and his crew are under investigation after they were involved in a night - club brawl . police want to find out how the fight got started and also , how justin bieber got a “crew . ” 
the army says it plans to start using lead - free , eco - friendly bullets . also , unmanned drones will notify their presence with smooth jazz . 
last weekend , a german woman gave birth to a 13 . 47 lb baby . doctors say the mom is resting comfortably and the baby is invading poland . 
this new pope seems kind of cool , but i’ll reserve judgment until i see his set at lollapalooza . 
a new study finds coffee drinkers are 50% less likely to commit suicide . just wait until the debut of starbucks’ new “sylvia plathaccino . ” 
not looking forward to the next wolverine movie , where he fights his ultimate nemesis : “the blackboard . ” 
president obama said he’s urging his daughters not to get caught up trying to act like celebrities . he’s particularly worried about sa $ ha . 
a recent study shows that having an orgasm is better for your brain than doing mental exercises . that means i spent most of my high school years furiously warding off dementia . 
after appealing his drug suspension , alex rodriguez thanked his family , friends and fans for their support . then he thanked all the horses and cattle for their testosterone . 
jeff bezos , the founder of amazon , has purchased the washington post for $ 250 million . he said last night , like most amazon customers , he was drunk and buying crap on the internet he didn’t need . 
at an airport in connecticut , a man was arrested after saying he had a bomb . he was released as soon as he showed police his dvd of the lone ranger . 
yesterday it was announced that chris hansen , the long time host of “to catch a predator , ” is being let go . the network surprised hansen with the news last night in his kitchen . 
darryl mcdaniels , of the legendary rap group run - d . m . c . , called today’s hip - hop culture “disrespectful and immature . ” darryl said , “in my day , we held the door open for a bitch . ” 
this week , president obama’s speech was interrupted when the crowd began singing happy birthday . in a related story , joe biden’s speech was interrupted when the crowd realized that the speaker was joe biden . 
president obama has called off a summit with russian president vladimir putin because of diplomatic differences . also , obama didn’t like putin’s demand that the summit be held “shirtless and on horseback . ” 
on its one year anniversary of landing on mars , the mars rover curiosity sang happy birthday to me . it then got really depressed and shot itself . 
michelle obama’s new initiative is to fight obesity through hip hop . she’s hoping it goes better than her previous initiative : fighting marijuana use through reggae . 
in a new interview , bill clinton said he has nothing to do with anthony weiner’s campaign . clinton said , “when it comes to political sex scandals , always be sure to look for the official bill clinton seal of approval . ” 
if a - rod is suspended from major league baseball , he also won’t be able to play in japan , south korea and taiwan . which means someone’s company’s softball team is really going to start kicking ass . 
in tennessee , a chick - fil - a manager has apologized for asking a mom to stop breast - feeding . chick - fil - a later took back the apology when they heard the baby was gay . 
a former victoria’s secret model has come out with a clothing line where the clothes have bible verses written on them . i don’t know about you guys— i don’t want to see a woman wearing panties that read , “valley of the shadow of death . ” 
brigham young university has been named the " top sober school in america " for the 16th year in a row . the students celebrated by having the worst party ever . 
the nfl announced the referees will crack down this year on excessive celebrations . players are being told not to show off too much after a touchdown , a sack , or a murder . 
american airlines has come under fire because a flight attendant was rude to a breastfeeding mom . they also charged the baby extra for taking up two teats . 
a man in colorado wants marijuana to be classified as a vegetable . i just have to say . . . that is an ingenious way to get americans to stop smoking pot . 
a new report says that over the past thirty years , the number of people in the u . s . who speak a language other than english has tripled . at least , i think that’s what the report said , it was written in spanish . 
the secret service is asking people on twitter to report any suspicious tweets . so now if your boss catches you on twitter , just tell him , “i’m protecting our country ! ” 
a scientist has figured out a way to turn coffee grounds into alcohol . well , he’s not technically a scientist so much as an “alcoholic . ” 
the other day in nevada , a woman ran into a subway restaurant and gave birth . so i guess everything in a subway really is made fresh ! 
confession time . since 1997 , i’ve been writing a children’s book series under the pseudonym “jk rowling . ” 
32 other countries have a greater life expectancy than the u . s . this is due to obesity , smoking , and the nfl . 
obama turned down a role in oprah’s movie “the butler . ” instead , oprah had to go with her second choice , german chancellor angela merkel . 
netflix pulled a " star trek " film after complaints about incorrect vulcan subtitles . also , allegations of completely fake words like “vagina . ” 
new photos have been released of justin bieber serenading his grandma in the nude . when reached for comment , bieber’s grandma said , “isn’t my granddaughter adorable ? ” 
yesterday , alex rodriguez hit his first home run of the year and the final season of " breaking bad " premiered . in other words— it was a big day for drug dealers . 
oprah was shopping in switzerland recently and a swiss clerk refused to show her a $ 38 , 000 purse because she didn’t think oprah could afford it . to prove a point , oprah bought switzerland . 
san diego mayor bob filner left his sexual harassment rehab program a week early . he said , “i’m mostly cured - now , i only grab one boob . ” 
62% of new yorkers say they are embarrassed by the sex scandals of anthony weiner . weiner said , “let me know when that number reaches 69 . ” 
the executives at blackberry are considering selling off the company . it’s being called a very lucrative move by " six years ago magazine . " 
at the missouri state fair , a rodeo clown put on a president obama mask and tried to get a bull to chase him . but it backfired because the bull just sat down and said , “let’s be fair and see what he does with his second term . ” 
" star wars " creator george lucas and his wife recently welcomed their first child . as is lucas’ way , he won’t tell the child he’s the father until episode five . 
an entrepreneur is proposing a new mode of transportation called the hyperloop that would take you from los angeles to san francisco in half an hour . not only that , it can take you from one side of los angeles to the other in only three hours . 
as part of her anti - obesity campaign , michelle obama is releasing a hip hop album . the name of the album is “phat beats for fat kids . ” this first single is called “get ripped or die trying . ” 
san diego mayor bob filner has been accused of sexual harassment by 14 women , and now a hotline has been established to take any new sexual harassment claims . the number is 1 - 800 - how - is - this - guy - still - mayor ? 
north korea has announced that it is developing its own smartphone . unfortunately , the phones are so smart , they’ve already escaped from north korea . 
today , pope francis had a private meeting with an italian soccer star . the pope told the soccer star , “like you— i’m also not allowed to use my hands . ” 
scientists have found a new link between high blood sugar and dementia . which explains cinnabon’s new slogan : “the last bite you’ll ever remember . ” 
the detroit police department accidentally emailed out a list of the bra sizes of female officers . but relax— it was just an honest mistake by the guy who keeps a list of his co - workers bra sizes . 
there’s a new cable channel of entirely dog - based programming called “dogtv . ” in a related story , there’s also an entirely cat - based channel called “youtube . ” 
a hotel in new york city now offers a plastic surgery recovery package . basically , it’s a place for people to relax after they’ve seen bruce jenner up close . 
an organization that represents pole dancing is trying to get it recognized as an olympic sport . the biggest hurdle will be getting the olympics to change their official anthem to “cherry pie . ” 
according to a new study , most men would like women to occasionally pick up the check . the study also found that most women would occasionally like to be paid as much as men for doing the same job . 
a hooter’s in san diego has put up a sign saying they won’t serve mayor bob filner because he disrespects women . a spokesman for hooter’s said , “we don’t want him as a customer but we’d love him as a manager . ” 
according to a new poll , over 50% of new yorkers say they won’t vote for anthony weiner no matter what . the other 50% said they are going to wait until they see all the other candidates’ penises . 
according to a poll , new yorkers say they won’t vote for anthony weiner . weiner said , “oh yeah , well , i could show you my own pole . ” 
in a new interview , oprah said she is not a control freak . you can read the rest of the interview in this month’s oprah magazine , with oprah on the cover . 
a new study finds that the worst drivers drive a prius . apparently , it’s very difficult to drive well while patting yourself on the back . 
the makers of drones want the media to stop calling their unmanned aircrafts “drones . ” the makers of drones said , “we prefer the term ‘surprise visitor ! ’” 
a group of researchers simulating life conditions for astronauts on mars found that the most suitable foods are rice , spam , and nutella . so apparently , i spent my freshman year of college on mars . 
the author of " 50 shades of grey " has been named the world’s best paid author . when j . k . rowling heard the news , she announced the release of her latest book , " harry potter and the chamber of gentle ass play . " 
a company in japan has released a line of pepsi flavored cheetos . apparently , they ' re a hit with people who smoke dr . pepper flavored pot . 
in san diego , hooters restaurants are refusing to serve mayor filner because they say he is disrespectful to women in his office . the ceo said , “there’s a time and place to be disrespectful to women , and that’s at a hooters . ” 
immigrants on the us / mexican border are memorizing phrases that will increase their odds of being let into the country . apparently the most commonly used phrase is , " hola , yo soy un canadian . " 
according to a new report , tulsa , oklahoma has the lowest rent in the country . nice try tulsa— but we’re still not moving there . 
the nfl is considering hiring a mother of three to be a referee . they wanted someone who’s used to giving time - outs . 
in order to spread awareness on colon cancer , a medical group in florida has built a 40 - foot colon that people can walk through . and trust me— you don ' t want to know how their spreading awareness about erectile dysfunction . 
scientists in edinburgh are developing a computer that tells jokes . of course , i’m not worried about my job because they haven’t yet made a computer that tells jokes and makes women feel uncomfortable . 
justin bieber was involved in another all - out brawl . this one with brownie troop # 152 . 
this week , john mccain was called in for jury duty . mccain hasn’t served on a jury since the landmark case of “man v . fire . ” 
apparently , mayor filner sexually harassed a great - grandmother . today , filner said , " you can call me sexist , but you can ' t call me ageist . " 
a new study says it costs $ 241 , 000 to raise a child to age 18 . however , that ' s mostly due to the candy cigarette tax . 
remember : it’s never too late to become a child prodigy . 
huffington post is set to ban anonymous comments . i guess " sexxxygingernotconanobrien " will have to move on to greener pastures . 
i understand miley’s vma performance . i’ve missed dozens of nfl games because my foam hand and i never made it out of the bedroom . 
finally reached “premier elite executive diamond platinum my life is empty” status on american airlines . 
talked to the guy in charge of milk expiration dates . he said he just uses relatives’ birthdays . 
the co - founder of google and his wife have split up . when asked why , he said , " search me . " 
yesterday , diana nyad set a record swimming from cuba to florida . the 64 - year - old swimmer also broke another record as “youngest person to ever set foot in florida . ” 
yesterday , 64 - year - old swimmer diana nyad swam 100 miles from cuba to florida and she didn’t use a shark cage . president obama is calling it “a triumph of the human spirit” , while sharks are calling it a “a huge screw - up . ” 
syria’s leader assad referred to president obama as " weak . " obama was so angry he plans to ask congress for permission to think up a good comeback . 
last week , the department of justice said it will stop enforcing some federal marijuana laws . the department of justice made this decision after someone brought in a batch of brownies . 
motorola is now making the first smartphone that’s not made overseas , but in texas . it’s the first smartphone that doubles as a handgun . 
this weekend , leaders from the naacp met with leaders from the kkk . after seven hours of talks , both sides agreed that they don’t really care for bryant gumble . 
in south carolina , a couple was arrested for having sex at a home depot . on the bright side , she did find the tool she was looking for . 
miley cyrus finally spoke out about her performance at the mtv video music awards and said she wanted to " make history . " cyrus said , “i wanted to be the first woman ever to dance provocatively at the vma’s and still not turn anyone on . ” 
at a nightclub this weekend , a man tried unsuccessfully to tackle justin bieber . in a related story , there’s a full grown man out there who is unable to tackle justin bieber . 
this week in tennessee , a woman was accused of hiding $ 5 , 000 of stolen cash in her rectum . today , the guy she stole it from said , " she can keep it . " 
a new report shows that men have smaller penises if their mother ate chicken during her pregnancy . you can read the entire report in the apology section of this month’s o’brien family newsletter . 
senator john mccain is under fire for being caught playing poker on his smartphone during a senate hearing on syria . even worse - it was strip poker . 
the newest rumor is that bill clinton has been cheating on his vegan diet . the most damning evidence is a blue dress with a splotch of gravy on it . 
tonight begins rosh hashanah , the jewish new year , kicking off the year 5774 . the jewish year is calculated by counting the number of years since larry king’s bar mitzvah . 
the new football video game " madden nfl 25 " has a feature that lets you control the career of a player over several seasons . so you can move tim tebow to fullback , trade tony romo from the cowboys , or plead " guilty " for aaron hernandez . 
this weekend , burger king debuted its new " french fry burger . " so finally , a solution to the problem of having to reach for fries in between bites of your burger . 
it is now legal for prisoners in california to marry their same - sex partners . so the next time your cellmate tries to violate you , just tell him , you’ll have to marry me first . 
a new study finds that marijuana is the # 1 illegal drug used around the world . stoners across the globe were going to throw a huge celebration , but then a rerun of " cake boss " came on . 
fans of " 50 shades of grey " are upset about the actors chosen to star in the movie . the producers of " 50 shades of grey " said , " sorry but our hands were tied . " 
the cellphone maker fujitsu is releasing a new smartphone that’s just for old people . the most popular game on the phone will be " words with friends who are still alive . " 
sony has debuted a $ 4000 . 00 hdtv . it’s got all the latest technology including the ability to turn itself off anytime miley cyrus starts to twerk . 
it was so hot today , miley cyrus was twerking against a block of ice . 
today is the jewish holiday of rosh hashanah and the first day of the nfl season . in other words— a lot of nfl players had to start the season without their lawyers . 
yesterday in new york , anthony weiner got into a heated argument in a bakery . apparently , the bakery was mad that weiner brought in his own cannoli . 
yesterday , a news anchor accidentally hung up on oprah while he was interviewing her . he is survived by his wife and children . 
in china , a five - year old boy has become the youngest person ever to fly a airplane . and , in about an hour from now , people are hoping he ' ll become the youngest person ever to land a airplane . 
in texas , a snake was spotted in a starbucks . it was waiting in a long line behind other snakes . 
tim robbins , the star of " the shawshank redemption " has begun teaching acting to inmates at a california prison . in a related story , 800 prisoners have just tunneled out of that california prison . 
in nashville on tuesday night , steven tyler made a surprise appearance at a café and played a couple songs . people who saw steven tyler perform live said it was a treat to see cher perform live . 
it’s rumored that apple will soon be selling its new low cost iphone in china . which explains apple’s new iphone slogan there , " the best gifts are the ones made by your kids . " 
while in north korea , dennis rodman claims to have met kim jong un’s secret baby . apparently , nobody has the heart to tell rodman that the secret baby he met is actually kim jong un . 
dennis rodman said that north korean leader kim jong un is a " awesome guy " and a " good dad . " in response , kim jong un said that dennis rodman is , " batshit crazy . " 
new york city is replacing electronic voting booths with 50 - year - old lever machines . when reached for comment , anthony weiner said , " i was already planning on going into the booth and pulling a 50 year old lever . " 
last week , the queen’s son , prince andrew , was mistaken for an intruder at buckingham palace and tackled . after tackling him , queen elizabeth apologized and helped him up . 
tokyo has been named the host of the 2020 olympics , despite concerns about the fukushima radiation leak . that explains the tokyo olympics’ official mascot , a three - headed hello kitty . 
yesterday , bill gates won an award for his charity work in medical research and the prize is worth $ 250 , 000 . so it looks like bill gates won’t be flying coach for a while . 
las vegas is about to unveil what will be the world’s largest ferris wheel . city officials are calling it , " an entirely new way to throw up on the streets of las vegas ! " 
in iowa , blind people are now eligible to receive a gun permit . blind people say it’s time they had the chance to express themselves with something other than jazz . 
a woman in california is suing a hospital after an anesthesiologist drew a mustache on her face during an operation . the anesthesiologist defended himself by saying , " i’m really bad at drawing penises . " 
in her latest music video , miley cyrus appears naked on a wrecking ball . it’s the video for her new song , " metaphor . " 
miley cyrus ' fiancée is reportedly considering breaking it off , in part because of her performance at the vmas . he told miley , “i’m sorry— but our relationship isn’t twerking . ” 
yesterday , the entire cabinet of iran joined facebook . then they spent the rest of the day pretending not to see a " friend request " from israel . 
today was the primary election for new york city mayor , and the new and improved iphones were announced . so , kind of a bad news , good news day for anthony weiner . 
if christine quinn wins the new york city mayoral race , she’d be the city’s first lesbian mayor . which is why her campaign slogan is , " christine quinn— as far away from weiner as you can get . " 
today apple announced a much lower - priced iphone . it’s so low - budget , you can only ask siri questions after she gets off working her second job as a waitress . 
syria agreed to a tentative plan to hand over all of its chemical weapons to russia . vladimir putin said , " and those weapons better not be gay . " 
the cdc says its graphic anti - smoking tv ads have helped over 200 , 000 people to quit . not quit smoking—quit watching television . 
two parents in canada are weaning their kids off technology by banning any device invented after 1986 . the children describe their parents as total donkey kongs who should go fax themselves . 
a 96 - year - old man has become the oldest artist ever to have a hit song on the billboard hot 100 . so , congratulations to david lee roth . 
a new study claims that men with smaller testicles are more nurturing fathers . the study was published in " who thinks up this shit ? " magazine . 
snooki is going to be on the new season of dancing with the stars . question : can time warner get into a fight with abc this fall ? 
watched the bronco game last night . nice to finally see nfl guys wearing orange that aren’t jumpsuits . 
the new " madden nfl 25 " lets you control a player ' s career over several seasons . i got it just so i could keep repeatedly firing tim tebow . 
scientists have discovered a new shark species that can walk . it was immediately hired by caa . 
a brewer has come out with a beer that you can spread on toast . it ' s said to appeal to a very specific market known as " alcoholics . " 
in the democratic primary for mayor of new york , anthony weiner came in last place , ran through a mcdonald ' s to escape the porn star he sexted with , and as he drove away from reporters he gave them the finger . so at least he went out with dignity . 
yesterday , anthony weiner was temporarily denied access at the voting booth . then he offered to show a photo id , and they said , “that’s ok – we’re good . ” 
on his way to his concession speech last night , anthony weiner avoided the media by ducking into a mcdonald ' s . then he created a scene there by saying , “who wants to see a quarter - pounder with two mcnuggets ? ” 
according to a survey , americans viewed 12 times as many stories about miley cyrus as they did about syria . which is why president obama gave his speech on syria while rubbing up against robin thicke . 
this morning , apple stock dropped 5% despite their announcement of the new iphone 5s . apple said they expect the stock to bounce back next week when they announce the iphone 6 . 
the new secretary of the vatican said that celibacy for priests is open for discussion . in a related story , nuns are now allowed to twerk . 
it’s been reported that the pope has been calling people personally and offering relationship advice . and sometimes he’ll just sit on the line , listening , and chime in , “damn , girl ! ” 
two parents are weaning their kids off technology by banning anything invented after 1986 . mostly the kids stick to wholesome activities from ' 86 like rubik’s cube , aerobics , and cocaine . 
new research has indicated something called " male menopause , " where men get fatter and lose interest in sex . of course it’s also known as " football season . " 
russian president vladimir putin wrote an editorial in the new york times asking the us to avoid " brute force " and be more " civilized . " unfortunately , putin couldn’t finish writing it , as he had to go take his shirt off and arrest gay people . 
pope francis said that if you are an atheist , god will forgive you . and with that , 2000 years of christianity came to an end . 
wal - mart reports that one of the most popular toys this christmas will be a brand - new barbie dream house . of course the least popular toy this christmas— the " twerking elmo . " 
california has many more unplanned pregnancies than almost any other state . of course , keep in mind , california has many more nba teams than any other state . 
a company has developed urinal cakes that will tell you if you ' re drunk . basically , if you can hit the urinal cake , you ' re not drunk . 
a senate panel working on laws to protect the media has agreed on an official definition for a journalist . the new official definition of a journalist is " a blogger wearing pants . " 
in a new interview , tv host julie chen said she had an operation to widen her eyes . after hearing this , clint eastwood said , " you can do that ? " 
a woman from las vegas has given birth to quintuplets . the vegas woman was only supposed to have twins , but the doctor kept saying , " hit me . " 
miley cyrus said people should forget that she’s naked when they watch her new video . she said , " instead , they should remember that this is what happens when you let children become actors . " 
the new " grand theft auto " is coming out , and it takes place in a city modeled on los angeles . you can steal a car in five seconds , but you need five hours to get it home in traffic . 
for the first time , the miss america pageant was won by a woman of indian descent . the judges asked her , " why do you want to be miss america ? " " what will you do with the prize ? " and " how do i get my laptop to reboot ? " 
over the weekend , lebron james got married . he was set to marry his high school sweetheart in cleveland , but then left for a better offer from a girl in miami . 
bill gates has reclaimed his title of " world’s wealthiest man . " so i’m guessing he’ll probably be getting the new iphone 5s . 
there’s a new exercise trend of people " twerking " to get fit . in just six weeks , you can lose 10 pounds and your dignity ! 
cher said she will not perform at next year’s winter olympics in russia because of russia’s anti - gay policies . and also , because she wasn ' t asked . 
a new study found that toddlers who talk early tend to develop a drinking problem later on in life . another warning sign is if the kid asks for his milk " on the rocks . " 
the oldest man in the world is now a 111 - year - old from italy . and because it’s italy , he’s dating a 22 - year - old . 
on friday , will smith’s son jaden tweeted that kids should drop out of school . he then tweeted , " before you drop out , make sure that you ' re will smith ' s son . " 
a new study says surgeons who play video games are better at their jobs . then again , do you really want to go to a surgeon who believes everyone gets three lives ? 
it was reported that this halloween , the top costume is going to be miley cyrus . just a warning – i’m not giving any candy to a kid who says , " trick or twerk . " 
miley cyrus and her fiancée have officially called off their engagement . so here’s a scary thought : we’re about to see how miley cyrus acts when she’s single . 
both miley cyrus and her fiancée liam hemsworth have moved on . liam has already been spotted with another woman and miley has been spotted at the hardware store licking the hammers . 
earlier today in new york , joe biden’s niece was arrested . the hardest part about arresting a biden is convincing them they have the right to remain silent . 
this thanksgiving , for the first time ever , the butterball turkey talk line for cooking advice is going to have male operators . the males will be the operators who tell you to just order take - out . 
this month , the first all - digital library , stocked with over 10 , 000 e - books , opened in san antonio , texas . the library is called " a kindle . " 
a 35 - year - old man was sent to prison after he pretended to be justin bieber . then today the man’s cellmate also started pretending that the man was justin bieber . 
just found out spain has its own version of snl . it’s just 90 minutes of ham tastings . 
today is yom kippur , the jewish day of atonement , the day when jews around the world ask for forgiveness for anthony weiner . 
i’m torn because i love the new iphone5s’s fingerprint scanner , but i also want to get away with some murders . 
getting so tired of strangers on the street hugging me and calling me arsenio . 
president obama warned that the government could shut down in two weeks . obama added , " not because of a budget impasse but because we ' ll all be watching the last episode of ' breaking bad ' . " 
the ceo of starbucks is asking customers to stop bringing guns into the coffee chain ' s stores . he said , " it’s our job to rob you guys . " 
starbucks announced that they will no longer allow guns in their stores . meanwhile , dunkin ' donuts said , " there’s nothing you can bring in here that’s more dangerous that what we serve . " 
the new " grand theft auto " came out yesterday and this time it takes place in a city modeled after los angeles . which means you’re still driving around running over gang members , but you’re doing it in a prius . 
cher’s been saying some unkind things about miley cyrus lately . today , cher said she’s ashamed of herself for her harsh criticism of miley cyrus . in response , miley said , " what’s shame ? " 
the new iphone software released today allows users to give siri a male voice . the only problem is , when you ask the male siri for directions , he just says " i know where i’m going ! " 
scientists at oxford university have discovered a new mathematical object that may prove that space and time are just an illusion . that object is known as a bong . 
toys r us says one of the hottest toys for christmas is a weaving loom that lets kids manufacture hundreds of bracelets . when they heard this , kids in china said , " so… how is that a toy ? " 
in texas , it turns out that a man who had been struggling with unexplained drunkenness has microbes in his stomach that produce alcohol . i don’t have a joke for this , i’m just letting everyone know that this excuse does exist . 
kelsey grammar is taking over a part in the new " expendables " movie that was supposed to go to nicolas cage . it’s being called the most unbelievable performance by nicolas cage ever : him saying " no " to a part . 
an ex - employee is suing the insane clown posse , saying she had to perform " illegal acts . " the woman says , “that was not the level of professionalism and sophistication i expected when i joined the ' insane clown posse ' . " 
in sweden , a landmark case may have made it legal to masturbate in public . you do not want to know how people are celebrating the decision . 
jay - z and beyonce have been named the highest - earning celebrity couple in the world . and , once again , coming in at # 2 : me and andy . 
russian president vladimir putin said that he may seek a fourth presidential term . putin added , " but that’s up to the people to decide " – then he laughed for ten minutes . 
in a recent interview a former mistress of bill clinton’s said that hillary clinton is bisexual . today bill clinton said , " it’s true - when i want sex , hillary says ' bye ' . " 
jc penney has removed wi - fi from their stores – they expect it to save them $ 7 million this year . jc penney said they plan to save even more money next year when they go out of business . 
in florida , 35 pounds of cocaine washed up on the beach . in a related story , we now know just how diana nyad was able to swim so fast . 
kevin trudeau , the " king of infomercials , " has been sent to jail for fraud . the judge sentenced him to 10 years , and then said , " but wait , there’s more ! " , and added another five years . 
on tuesday a man lost out a million dollar prize on " wheel of fortune " because he mispronounced the answer . however , after the show , he did correctly pronounce the word " sh * t . " 
thanks to " breaking bad , " the ratings for amc have skyrocketed . and you know what else has skyrocketed ? the number of high school kids now taking chemistry . 
this sunday is the very last " breaking bad . " from now on , if you want to see psychotic murderers attack each other on a sunday , you’ll have to watch the nfl . 
analysts say that apple’s actual manufacturing cost for the iphone is $ 199 . that’s just parts – when you add in the labor , it’s $ 200 . 
at the united nations general assembly , people are wondering if president obama will shake hands with the president of iran . some experts say obama should politely decline , while others think he should do the old " smoothing out the hair " fake out . 
it’s been discovered that the iphone 5s fingerprint sensor will also recognize nipples . so now you can use the line , " is it cold in here , or are you just trying to unlock your iphone ? " 
psychologists now believe that adulthood begins at 25 , not 18 . they also believe that middle age begins the first time you eat at a denny ' s sober . 
the nba is considering introducing jerseys with players’ nicknames rather than their last names . players like the nickname jerseys because it’s easier for fans to relate to them and harder for women looking for child support to find them . 
an nfl star receiver was injured after a stripper hit him over the head with a champagne bottle . the good news is , if he’s on your fantasy football team , getting bashed in the head by a stripper is worth 25 points . 
the former ceo of trader joe’s is opening a new store that will sell expired food . after hearing this , people at 7 - eleven said , " hey - that’s our strategy ! " 
today , charlie sheen showed up at an la courthouse for jury duty . out of habit , sheen pled not guilty . 
miley cyrus went skydiving for the first time . actually , she just started twerking on a plane and the other passengers threw her off . 
in a recent interview , miley cyrus said she wasn’t trying to be sexy at the vmas . on behalf of everyone , i’d like to say , " mission accomplished . " 
a new report finds los angeles to be one of the most energy - wasting cities in the country . the main culprit ? my applause sign . 
in a new interview , miley cyrus says she will " probably never twerk again . " miley said , " there’s too many other things i want to try once and do badly . " 
in india , a doctor became the second person in the world to perform surgery while wearing google glass . and his patient became the first person to die because his doctor was wearing google glass . 
in south carolina , the winner of the $ 400 million dollar powerball lottery has chosen to remain anonymous . however , i’m guessing it’s that cashier at cracker barrel with the learjet . 
an italian runner has been accused of using a fake penis to pass a urine test . authorities grew suspicious when the runner whipped out her penis . 
bravo has fired two of " the real housewives of orange county . " the two women were fired for being pleasant and courteous . 
there ' s a new article in cosmopolitan that explains obamacare to women . the article is called , " 10 pre - existing conditions to drive your man crazy . " 
an oregon tech blogger said he was able to unlock his iphone 5s using his genitals . so , finally , a tech blogger has found a use for his genitals . 
microsoft founder bill gates has recently said he regrets dropping out of school , and making users hit " control , alt , delete " to log in . both admissions appear in his new book , " bill gates : a life of failures . " 
a vatican cardinal has said jesus was the original tweeter . i don’t know how popular he was— he only had 12 followers . 
during ted cruz’s 21 - hour anti - obamacare speech on the senate floor , he read a dr . seuss book . cruz said it’s the book he likes to read to kids when they’re in the hospital wasting our tax payers’ resources . 
the us postmaster general said the postal service has to raise postage rates due to terrible financial troubles . he conveyed this news in an email . 
a new study says we should change how we feed cows so they don’t produce so much of the greenhouse gas : methane . the first step they recommend — eliminate " taco night . " 
there’s a new tv show in britain that shows people having sex in front of a live studio audience . it started out as a regular talk show , but everyone just really hit it off . 
the head of the company that makes barilla pasta has announced that he does not approve of homosexuality . in fact , he said he’s not even comfortable with the idea of a guy putting manicotti in his mouth . 
a dog expert claims there has been a huge increase in dogs taking prozac . you know you’ve got a depressed dog when it wakes up and immediately starts drinking out of the toilet . 
hamilton college announced it’s holding an orgasm workshop for female students this monday . the workshop was open to male students , but they couldn’t hold on until monday . 
the new " grand theft auto " has already made 800 million dollars ? starting tomorrow , i start murdering my guests . 
a vatican cardinal is claiming jesus was the first tweeter . also , the shroud of turin was the first " selfie . " 
our government may be shutting down in a few hours . so , folks , get ready for absolutely no noticeable difference . 
sunday night was the final episode of " breaking bad . " and tonight is probably the final episode of the 113th congress . 
if there is a government shutdown , most of the white house staff will be sent home . which means there’ll only be nine guys whose job it is to keep joe biden away from the president . 
the olympic torch has embarked on a seven - day trip to russia . then today , vladimir putin had it arrested because it’s flaming . 
a new study shows that americans are waiting longer than ever at mcdonald ' s drive - thrus . when reached for comment , mcdonald’s drive - thru workers said something i couldn’t quite understand . 
chipotle has given steven tyler free tacos for a year . today , the ceo of chipotle clarified , " it’s not just steven tyler , it’s any woman over the age of 60 . " 
a new study says that each prison inmate costs the city of new york the same as an ivy league education . of course , it’s a ridiculous comparison , because inmates leave prison with actual job skills . 
a lost three stooges movie was discovered in a man’s garage . and good news for three stooges fans : this one wraps up all those loose ends . 
apparently , the internet rumors are false , miley cyrus is not pregnant . miley said , " i’ve been using a very effective birth control known as ' my performance at the vmas . ' " 
a police department in mexico is trying to recruit more cops who are tall , thin , and female . which explains why i’m getting all these job offers from the mexican police department . 
almost everyone who is employed at the fcc is not at work today . so who’s up for an all - nude episode of conan ? 
the federal government has shut down and 800 , 000 federal employees are out of work . which explains why , tonight , our entire studio audience is made up of park rangers and astronauts . 
almost everyone working at the fcc is on furlough . which explains why brian williams started the news tonight by saying , " good evening sh * * heads . " 
due to the shutdown , the statue of liberty is closed . so now the only giant woman with no real purpose that you can climb inside is khloe kardashian . 
the government shutdown will slash the budget for food inspection . that’s bad news for health advocates , but great news for the new japanese restaurant , " leap - of - faith sushi . " 
this week , justin bieber was spotted in china on the shoulders of two of his bodyguards . people in china kept asking , " why isn’t that little girl at the factory ? " 
due to the government shutdown , the beloved panda cam at the national zoo has gone dark . now , if you want to watch bears have sex , you’ll have to go to the manhole bar in west hollywood . 
kfc has just released a fried chicken take - out container that fits inside your car’s cup holder . so the good news , folks , america does still work ! 
it’s been reported that google glass has pioneered a whole new trend in technology called " wearable tech . " unfortunately , not succeeding in that market so far : the " blackberry unitard . " 
scientists have discovered an ingredient found in plastic on one of the moons of saturn . so not only could there be life on other planets , it might be joan rivers . 
on last night’s " dancing with the stars , " snooki advanced , while bill nye the science guy was sent home . the episode was called “highly entertaining” and “a perfect metaphor for the state of our country . ” 
the online version of " grand theft auto " launched yesterday . that ' s right ; the fictional , crime - ridden government of los santos is now functioning better than america ' s real government . 
according to a new poll , 69 percent of americans say that house republicans are acting like " children . " they may have a point , because when asked about it , republicans giggled and said , " haha you said ' 69 . ' " 
the shutdown could cost the american economy 300 million dollars a day . to put that in perspective—it’d be like if every day the economy released a new " lone ranger " movie . 
fox news has started calling the " government shutdown " a " government slimdown . " also according to fox news : none of the government workers have been furloughed , they just went to go live on a farm . 
because of the government shutdown , president obama has had to scale back his planned trip to asia . as a result , obama will just cross the street and eat lunch at a panda express . 
senator ted cruz announced he is donating his paychecks during the shutdown to charity . the charity is called , " ted cruz for president . " 
a kkk rally scheduled to be held in a national park was cancelled due to the shutdown . this was bad news for the kkk , but good news for the park’s black bears . 
russian president vladimir putin has been named a candidate for this year ' s nobel peace prize . his chances of winning are good because his strategy is to have the other nominees killed . 
wal - mart has decided to pull osama bin laden costumes after receiving numerous complaints . shoppers weren’t complaining because they found the osama bin laden costumes offensive , they were mad because no one who shops at wal - mart is skinny enough to wear one . 
katy perry has a new song about her divorce called , " by the grace of god . " it’s more tasteful than the original song about her divorce , " say good bye to these ! " 
the new york city opera has announced that it’s filing for bankruptcy . the announcement that it’s over was made in song by a fat lady . 
the new " grand theft auto " has already made more money than every book sold in the last year . which explains why , today , j . k . rowling announced a new book - " harry potter and the drug dealer hanging onto a car hood . " 
today is the obamas’ wedding anniversary . unfortunately , the president forgot , so tonight he’ll be experiencing a different kind of " shutdown . " 
a new study found that , in america , cocaine , heroin and marijuana are cheaper now than they’ve been in decades . so in your face , china . 
wal - mart has decided to pull down its osama bin laden costumes from its halloween shelves . which is a shame , because this year i was planning to go as " slutty osama . " 
two naval officers have been accused of bribery that involves vacations , drugs and lady gaga tickets . in other words , gays in the military is working out just fine . 
chelsea clinton says that she will dedicate 2014 to giving her parents a grandchild . in return , bill clinton said he will dedicate 2014 to giving chelsea clinton a half - sister . 
the us is on pace to become the world’s largest producer of oil and gas . if history has taught us anything , this means the us will soon be invading the us . 
in ohio , a drunk man with a 666 tattoo on his forehead was arrested for urinating inside a burrito shop . ladies , you can find him on match . com . 
the la district attorney has decided not to press charges against justin bieber for spitting on his neighbor because it was the neighbor’s word against beiber’s . the da said , " frankly— i don’t know who to belieb . " 
kfc has come out with a fried - chicken takeout container that fits in your car’s cup holder . kfc is now working on developing passenger - side gravy bags . 
obamacare begins tomorrow , and you know what that means ! wait , actually , no , you probably don ' t know what that means . 
halloween is just a month away , and i still haven’t picked out my excuse for not dressing up . 
just saw " gravity " in 3 - d . can’t believe all that happened because someone downloaded ios 7 on an iphone 4 . 
the gerald ford presidential museum is closed due to the shutdown . where’s my daughter supposed to celebrate her 10th birthday now ? 
microsoft has announced a major update to its cellphone software to reduce distractions for drivers . it’s part of their new slogan , " microsoft : leave the crashing to us . " 
today is columbus day . finally , a chance for government workers to catch a break and stay home with their families . 
today is columbus day . so if you’re an italian american , it’s a day to celebrate your heritage , and if you’re a native american , it’s just another reason to hate mondays . 
the season premiere of " the walking dead " brought in a record - breaking 16 million viewers . in a related story , tonight , i’m going to eat andy’s brain . 
cnn . com featured an editorial that claims " americans are too dumb . " i was going to read it , but then i saw a link for " 12 craziest cat twerking videos " and clicked that instead . 
facebook is opening up its first office in israel . facebook is preparing for its launch in the jewish state by changing the " like " button to the " could be worse " button . 
pope francis is reportedly selling his harley davidson . you can tell it’s the pope’s motorcycle because the back of it reads , " gas , grass or mass . " 
an outspoken conservative is under fire for comparing obamacare to slavery . even worse , he said slavery was better because " at least it’s in the constitution . " 
charlie hunnam , the lead actor cast in the " 50 shades of grey " movie , has dropped out . i guess unlike the characters in the book , he didn’t want to be tied down for three months . 
in florida , a woman was arrested at a home depot for trying to hire a hitman . so basically it’s easier to find a hitman at home depot than someone who works there . 
after 22 years of marriage , kris and bruce jenner are separated . apparently , kris pointed to bruce’s face and said , “he’s not the man i married . ” 
according to a survey , 25% of men say they’ve watched porn online . the survey also revealed that 75% of men are liars . 
a new study shows eating bacon can lower a man’s chances of getting a woman pregnant . scientists are calling it alarming , men are calling it a " win - win . " 
yesterday president obama helped make sandwiches for the homeless at a soup kitchen . and by homeless , i mean people who work for the federal government . 
this morning the white house rejected a plan from house republicans . apparently , the republicans offered to end the shutdown if the democrats would just go back in time and lose the 2008 presidential election . 
a somali pirate leader has been captured in a sting operation where he was lured to belgium with a promise of starring in a movie about his life . in a related story , the leader of the taliban has been offered a part on " two broke girls . " 
doctors revealed that before his heart surgery former president george w . bush had a 95% blockage of his artery . after hearing this , bush said , " good god , that’s almost half . " 
over the weekend at an olympic exhibition game , the womens ' hockey teams of the us and canada got into a full - on , all - female brawl . olympic referees ruled the incident , " unsportsmanlike , " " unprofessional , " and " super - hot . " 
pope francis is reportedly selling his harley davidson motorcycle . when asked why he was selling it , the pope said , " whenever i get it over 30 mph , it’s hard to keep the hat on . " 
las vegas’s newest strip club features plus - size performers . which explains the city’s new motto , " what happens in vegas is exactly like what happens back home in milwaukee . " 
this week at new york’s comic - con , sylvester stallone charged fans almost $ 500 for a photo with him . so far , he ' s made almost $ 500 . 00 . 
researchers are in the process of creating an underwater wi - fi network . finally , a way for people to tweet , " i ' m drowning . " 
looks like congress has finally made a deal to reopen the government . if you want to know how this affects you—tomorrow the washington zoo panda cam is coming back online ! 
president obama has said that the day after the budget deal is made he’s going to concentrate on immigration . he’ll start by deporting ted cruz . 
if there had been a debt default , a top credit agency said it would have downgraded america ' s " aaa " rating . even worse , the treasury department has been flooded with offers to try the discover card . 
televangelist pat robertson shocked republicans by telling them to accept defeat . robertson said , " it’s time to get back to reality—blaming hurricanes on gay people . " 
today john mccain said the shutdown was " one of the more shameful " things he’s seen as a senator . and that’s from a guy who saw lincoln get shot . 
in a new interview , the dalai lama endorsed medical marijuana . so now we know why the dalai lama sits around in a robe all day . 
one of the top halloween costumes for kids is " gangnam style " singer psy . in other words , parents are telling their kids , " just wear what you wore two years ago . " 
a new study claims oreos are as addictive as cocaine . but the only difference is—when someone’s eating oreos in a night club bathroom stall , it’s really sad . 
in an interview with oprah , swimmer diana nyad said she doesn’t believe in god , and oprah refused to believe her . oprah said , " how can you not believe in god ? i‘m right here . " 
jamie foxx has reportedly been cast in a movie about martin luther king jr . apparently , it was between him and ben affleck . 
a german couple ' s marriage got off to a rocky start when the groom forgot his bride at a highway gas station . he eventually went back for her , but let’s just say he’ll be “self - pumping” for a while . 
scientists have found a way to cure marijuana addiction . now all they have to do is find someone who wants to be cured of marijuana addiction . 
in a speech today , president obama called for a new era of bipartisan cooperation . he said that because obama likes to start off a speech with a joke . 
john mccain said this government shutdown was worse than the one in ’95 . then , mccain said , " 1795 . " 
after the shutdown debacle , the tea party’s approval rating is now only 30% . in other words , it’s the first time the tea party has ever been supported by a minority . 
the house of representative ' s stenographer had an epic meltdown , yelling about the constitution , freemasons , and jesus christ . so it sounds like the republicans have their 2016 presidential candidate . 
chris christie said if one of his children were gay , he would " hug them and tell them i love them . " of course , christie said the same thing about the keebler elves . 
in paraguay , a 99 - year - old woman and 103 - year - old man got married after being together for 80 years . when asked the secret to keeping their passion alive , they said having no recollection of who the other person is . 
lindsay lohan got a new tattoo of a triangle . either that , or she crashed into a freshly painted " yield " sign . 
it’s being reported that 7 - eleven will begin selling a $ 50 wine . 7 - eleven says the wine pairs very nicely with their 1962 hot dog . 
disney revealed that one of its princesses is bisexual . even more shocking , disney revealed that one of its princes is straight . 
wife not buying that government shutdown includes all gyms . 
party going on too long ? go up to your guests and whisper , " i hope you’ll stay for my dream journal reading . " 
congratulations l . m . f . a . o . for cleaning up at the acronymies . 
peta wants the redskins to be named after a potato . which is my family’s solution to everything . 
brazil is exhuming the bodies of two former presidents . man , how bad is brazil’s current president doing ? 
a new report says breast milk bought online is likely to have health risks . this moves breast milk up to # 9 on the list of " bodily fluids you might not want to buy online . " 
as of today , same - sex marriages are now legal in new jersey . or , as new jersey officials said , " youse two guys can now go bada - boom . " 
new jersey governor chris christie announced he would no longer oppose gay marriage . he said , " how can i oppose anything that brings more cake into new jersey ? " 
due to system failure , many people were unable to update their facebook status . incidentally , for the few hours that facebook was down , we were actually competitive with china . 
president obama is urging americans who are having trouble with the obamacare website to sign up for healthcare by calling a 1 - 800 number . the number is 1 - 800 - we - didn’t - think - this - through . 
here in california over the weekend , a woman gave birth in a barnes & noble . apparently , she did this in the " new releases " section . 
target is reporting that one of the hottest toys for christmas is the " elmo big hugs " doll . not selling as well : " elmo - end–of–a - blind - date - awkward - half - hug " doll . 
here in los angeles , a man has spent $ 100 , 000 on surgery to look like justin bieber . meanwhile , a lesbian spent $ 100 , 000 to stop looking like justin bieber . 
a recent study has found that curing baldness may be possible through a procedure using human foreskins . when they heard , bald guys said , " you know what—we’re good . " 
a new study shows that the average fast food chicken nugget is almost 60% fat . it also shows that the average fast food customer is almost 60% chicken nugget . 
while taping an episode of " keeping up with the kardashians " at the san francisco giants’ baseball park , kanye west proposed to kim kardashian via the jumbotron . the title of the episode is going to be , " please respect our privacy . " 
kanye proposed to kim kardashian on the field where the san francisco giants play . in other words , it wasn’t the first error ever made there . 
colorado ' s obamacare website is trying to sell obamacare to college kids by calling it " brosurance . " unfortunately , the website wasn ' t working today because it ' s " bro - broken . " 
some pundits are comparing president obama pushing obamacare to a late night pitchman on an infomercial . when reached for comment , obama said , " that’s not true—but don’t take my word for it , just ask some of these satisfied customers . " 
according to a recent poll , americans like head lice more than they like congress . but you know—i think the real story here is that some americans like head lice . 
apple recently said that every idea for an apple product begins with " delight , surprise , love , and connection . " apple said , " then we add a $ 600 price tag on it and boom . " 
here in california over the weekend , a woman gave birth in a barnes & noble . out of habit , the parents briefly looked over the newborn baby , then went home and bought a cheaper baby on amazon . 
simon cowell has revealed that he and his pregnant girlfriend are expecting a boy . today cowell was seen out shopping for tiny boy’s t - shirts , and also some clothes for his son . 
a new study says that , due to debt , 20somethings will retire 12 years later than their parents . when they heard this , 20somethings said , " retire from what ? " 
despite all the website problems , the approval rating for obamacare has gone up . unfortunately , i can ' t give you the exact number because it ' s listed on the obamacare website . 
somebody in the white house used a fake twitter account to send out hundreds of anti - obama tweets . the account was immediately shut down , and malia has been grounded . 
pope francis has suspended a bishop for spending too much on home renovations . apparently , the pope caught the bishop filming an episode of " flip this church . " 
people are upset at facebook because violent videos are now allowed , while breastfeeding videos are not . which explains a disturbing new trend—violent breastfeeding videos . 
today the city of detroit went before a judge to prove it is eligible for bankruptcy . all they did was walk into the detroit courtroom and point out the window . 
it’s been reported that there are now more subscribers to netflix than hbo . which is why today hbo changed its slogan to , " okay fine—we’ll show more boobs . " 
in order to better control prostitution , switzerland has opened " sex drive - thrus . " the sex drive - thrus are safer , but i wouldn’t recommend ordering off the dollar menu . 
a loophole recently allowed a gay couple to get married in oklahoma . coincidentally " the loophole , " is the name of the gay bar where they met . 
in order to control prostitution , switzerland has opened " sex drive - thrus . " officials say the most popular item ordered at sex drive - thrus is the " briefly happy meal . " 
there’s been a lot of speculation but now it’s becoming clear that joe biden will run for president in 2016 . in an effort to appear presidential , today , biden launched a website that doesn’t work . 
one of the contractors who built the obamacare website testified before congress today . you can tell he built the site because any time he was asked a question , he would freeze . 
german chancellor angela merkel says the us will have to regain her trust after the nsa eavesdropped on her cellphone . you know things are bad when we’re being accused of having " boundary issues " by germany . 
german chancellor angela merkel is angry at the us and today said , " spying among friends cannot be . " then she introduced her chief speechwriter , yoda . 
mississippi has started construction on a museum dedicated to its history with civil rights . so make sure and get your ticket to the " museum of not - good . " 
in indiana , a high school chemistry teacher is in trouble for taking his students to a strip club . the teacher said , " i wanted to show them the chemistry between me and brandi . " 
in england , while the driver slept , thieves stole 6 , 000 cans of baked beans from his truck . when asked about the thieves , police said , " we should be hearing from them shortly . ” 
we’ve been on the air 20 years . which in legal terms , makes andy and me " common law man and wife . " 
i still remember our first night : we had on radiohead , john goodman , and drew barrymore . then on night two , we started phoning it in . 
back in 1993 , there was barely even a world wide web . it was a rough time – you had to download your porn by fax . 
when our show first went on the air in 1993 , three of the five members of one direction were being born . and guess what — i am the father of two of them . 
when our show first aired , miley cyrus was a 1 - year - old . and guess what ? she spends more time naked now than she did back then . 
we’re celebrating 20 years of being on late night tv . or as my kids call it , youtube . 
this week we celebrate 20 years of jokes – and 20 years of andy fake - laughing . 
back in 1993 , my late night show was only one of four on the air . now it’s one of four airing at 11 : 00 on tbs . 
we’re posting many of our rare or never - before - seen clips from the show’s past 20 years online . but if you really want to laugh — go to www . healthcare . gov . 
it’s been 20 years on the air . and everyone in my family is very emotional . my dad called me this morning and he told me something he’s never said before , " son — we don’t have cable . " 
this weekend was the first youtube music awards show and eminem won artist of the year . second runner up was a cat walking across a piano . 
yesterday was daylight savings time so everybody gained an hour — and now you’re about to waste one . 
today at the white house , president obama welcomed the 2013 stanley cup champion chicago blackhawks . the president was excited to meet the hockey players and tell them obamacare includes dental . 
the obamacare website will not be accessible at night due to maintenance . and it will also not accessible during the day due to " it sucking . " 
during the 2012 campaign , bill clinton frequently told people that president obama was " luckier than a dog with two dicks . " i don’t know about you , but i can’t wait for this guy to be first lady . 
in brazil this weekend , justin bieber spent three hours at a brothel with prostitutes . or as he calls them , " paid beliebers . " 
on sunday the new york city marathon was won in both the men’s and women’s division by kenyans . however , coming a close second , some other kenyans . 
research has confirmed that fetuses can get erections . so ladies , maybe that’s not a kick you’re feeling . 
british scientists are now saying king tut died in a chariot accident . apparently , he was texting . 
this weekend oprah winfrey held a yard sale , selling 30 years’ worth of personal items . long story short , i now own a bathrobe with the name " stedman " on it . and for 35 dollars , i bought dr . phil . 
there’s a new musical in the works about the life of jesus , but set to the songs of britney spears . the grand finale is jesus coming back to life to the tune of " oops , i did it again . " 
north korea has now unveiled its own ipad . actually , it’s just a framed picture of kim jong un , but everyone is pretending they love it . 
new jersey reelected governor chris christie . or as christie put it , " i’ve come back for seconds . " 
the mayor of toronto has admitted he smoked crack while in a drunken stupor . the mayor was charged with " being way too exciting for canada . " 
hollywood producers are being asked to work the affordable care act into the plots of tv and movies . which is why amc has renamed its zombie drama " the walking dead but not due to preexisting conditions . " 
tea party senator rand paul has been accused of plagiarizing in three separate instances . when asked about the plagiarism charges , paul said , " four score and seven years ago… " 
some health experts believe being an nfl coach might be the most stressful job in america . the second most stressful job : being an nfl parole officer . 
miley cyrus wrote a letter to former fiancé liam hemsworth , saying she is sorry for her wild ways . miley delivered the letter while drunk , naked and riding a gazelle . 
the members of duck dynasty are releasing their own brand of wines . wine experts are reminding people , it’s red wine with varmint , white with critters . 
new research has confirmed that while in the womb , fetuses can get erections . the finding was called " amazing " by scientists and “horrifying” by twins . 
a new report says higher testosterone levels may increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes in men . the report was entitled , " you’re in the clear , conan o’brien . " 
the new mayor of new york city is a progressive democrat with an african - american wife who used to be a lesbian . or as the fox news reported it , " the apocalypse is upon us . " 
the new mayor of new york city is married to a woman who used to be a lesbian . that explains his campaign slogan , " if i can turn her around , imagine what i could do for new york city . " 
the mayor of toronto said he smoked crack but it will never happen again . in other words , he’s discovered meth . 
matt lauer will have a prostate exam live on the " today " show . it’s all part of their new segment " where in the world is matt lauer’s dignity ? " 
justin bieber was caught spray - painting graffiti on buildings in brazil . they could tell it was bieber because the graffiti was only three feet high . 
recently finished my 3 , 000th hour on tv . only 7 , 000 more ‘til malcolm gladwell thinks i’m an expert . 
i thought i’d seen it all , california . wow . gluten - free urinal cakes ? 
scientists recently determined that if the entire world’s ice melted , florida would be under water . of course , there could also be some negative consequences . 
today , matt lauer and al roker had prostate exams live on the " today " show . so the " today " show has finally cracked the code on what people want to see first thing in the morning . 
to increase ratings , the hosts of the " today " show had prostate exams on the air . also to increase ratings , the hosts of " good morning america " did not . 
in colorado yesterday , voters approved a tax on marijuana to fund the building of schools . in other words — kids , don’t do drugs , but stay in the schools funded by them . 
lamborghini is now 50 - years - old . you can tell lamborghini is 50 because it bought itself a porsche . 
miley cyrus got a new tattoo of her grandmother . if there’s one thing guys love , it ' s getting you naked and seeing a picture of your grandmother . 
a spanish tennis player has been suspended after testing positive for meth . tennis officials grew suspicious when he started returning his own serves . 
it’s veteran’s day and today , hooters offered free meals for veterans . so they’re honoring those who landed on d - day with double d - day . 
a 107 - year - old veteran met with president obama this morning . it was good to see president obama getting along so well with john mccain . 
in a new interview , sarah palin refused to endorse chris christie . afterwards , christie told palin , " thanks — i owe you one . " 
this week’s climate change talks are taking place in poland and they’re going to focus on china , the world’s biggest polluter . however , that discussion may get awkward on wednesday , when china buys poland . 
during the european mtv music awards , miley cyrus went on stage and twerked with a dwarf . it’s a pretty sad day when you have to ask a dwarf how he could stoop so low . 
in russia , in protest of an annual event called " police day , " a man nailed his testicles to the cobblestone pavement . this morning , he was thinking , " maybe i should have just made a sign . " 
over the weekend the kardashians held a yard sale for charity . i went and got a great deal on bruce jenner’s first and seventh face . 
there ' s a new game you can purchase for the ipad that allows its users to stroke the screen until it climaxes . of course , there’s a free version that just pretends to climax and then turns itself off . 
i wonder if a shipment of cumberbunds is called a cumberbatch . 
i don’t like to be wasteful so i’m turning all my leftover halloween candy corn into a chowder . 
now that that the faa is letting us be on our phones during take - off , i don’t want to use my phone during take - off . 
is it wrong to drive out to a farm three weeks early just to taunt your thanksgiving turkey ? 
enjoy the twitter ipo , nerds . i ' ll be at the myspace yardsale . 
i was surprised to find out most of the new thor movie takes place in a vermont bed and breakfast . 
japan has created a robot that can manually bring a man to sexual climax . when asked when they invented the robot , a scientist emerged from seclusion and said , " 12 years ago . " 
wal - mart announced that this thanksgiving they’re opening earlier than they ever have . because what better way to celebrate the pilgrims arrival in america than buying crap made in china ? 
scam artists are trying to take advantage of the problems with the obamacare website . experts say you can tell it’s a scam site if you enter your information , and it quickly and efficiently signs you up for health care . 
former president bill clinton is calling on president obama to honor his promise to americans to let them keep their current health policy . clinton then added , " unless , of course , a younger hotter , insurance policy comes along . " 
the us intelligence community is hoping to upgrade their facial recognition technology . it’s the government’s way of trying to keep up with bruce jenner . 
the tesla car company is upset after george clooney publicly badmouthed his tesla . in fairness , clooney said it’s hard for him to stay excited about anything he rides for more than six weeks . 
according to a recent study , southern accents were voted the sexiest of all american accents . boston accents came in 87th right after " a deer being gutted . " 
a british scientist claims he’s created a substitute for alcohol that provides a buzz and no hangover . this amazing new substance is called , " pot . " 
a new study found that women are more likely to orgasm if they are in a long term relationship . this is why i keep telling my wife , " be patient . " 
in florida , a man was arrested for masturbating in a dmv . but he does look really happy in his license photo . 
rob ford , the mayor of toronto who was recently caught smoking crack , has been uninvited to the city’s christmas parade . ford said , " too bad , i was going to bring the best snow . " 
the smiling woman who was featured on the homepage of healthcare . gov asked that her picture be removed after she was cyberbullied . she is now hiding where nobody can see her : healthcare . gov . 
according to new statistics , pope francis is the most talked about person on the internet . after hearing this , miley cyrus said , " bitch , it is on . " 
due to a dispute with the kraft corporation , starbucks has been ordered to pay 2 . 7 billion dollars . to put that in starbucks terms — that’s 3 lattes . 
the other day , zac efron fell at his home and broke his jaw . so i guess zac efron isn’t as tough as everyone thinks . 
the canadian government has ruled that its doctors are no longer allowed to prescribe heroin . i think the real story here is that , until recently in canada , a doctor could give you heroin . 
in a new interview , miley cyrus said she is one of " the biggest feminists in the world . " she said , " no one has done more than me to encourage women to lick the glass ceiling . " 
today president obama admitted that the healthcare roll - out was a fiasco , blamed himself , and said " i’m not a perfect president . " which explains why today , fox news named him their " employee of the month . " 
it just came out that toronto mayor rob ford spent st . patrick ' s day snorting cocaine with a prostitute . as an irish person , i ' m offended – st . patrick ' s day is for drinking beer with a prostitute . 
the ford motor company is angry at toronto mayor rob ford for using their logo . apparently , it’s lead to confusion because both fords are known for their moderately priced escorts . 
one of the president’s secret service agents was demoted for sending a sexually suggestive email to a female agent . apparently he ended the email by saying , " i’d like to secretly serve in your oval office . " 
according to new statistics , pope francis is the most talked - about person on the internet . not only that , he has the most viewed profile on christian mingle . 
the government is working hard on technologies to prevent cars from operating when their owners are drunk . here’s how it works — the car automatically turns itself off if you go through a white castle drive - through at 2am . 
for the first time ever , a dog climbed mt . everest . in a related story , the dog’s walker wants a raise . 
a library has found a copy of " 50 shades of grey " containing traces of herpes . so we know what one person was using as a bookmark . 
tina turner will formally relinquish her u . s . citizenship . when asked if she no longer wants to be a u . s . citizen because of the government , turner replied , " what’s gov got to do with it ? " 
a michigan man moved into a house next door to his ex - wife and erected a 12 - foot - tall statue of the middle finger . when asked about it , his ex - wife said , " i’m glad he could finally get something up . " 
embattled crack - smoking toronto mayor rob ford said he’s working out in the gym two hours every day . he said , " it’s the second best way i know to lose weight . " 
toronto mayor rob ford said he’s been getting professional help . so i guess he’s still hooking up with prostitutes . 
it ' s being reported that toronto mayor rob ford threatened to perform cunnilingus on female employees . which is strange since canada offers all citizens government - subsidized cunnilingus . 
it ' s the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln’s gettysburg address , but scholars don’t have one definitive version . however , everyone’s in agreement that the speech ended with the line , " follow that , bitches . " 
a new biography about pope francis says the new pontiff is a good cook . so the next time you see smoke coming out of the vatican , it’s probably just taco night . 
a british company has created a line of underwear designed to make women’s buttocks appear larger . just a tip , don’t ask your girlfriend if she’s wearing them . 
in canada , police seized 55 marijuana plants from a nursing home . in their defense , residents say it was the only way they could get their grandkids to visit . 
in an interview , mayor rob ford says he doesn’t have a drug problem , he has a weight problem . and by that , he means he can’t wait to do drugs . 
kanye west released a new video that features his fiancée kim kardashian nearly nude and on a motorcycle . the video is for his new song , " please respect our privacy . " 
the oxford dictionary has named " selfie " the word of the year , narrowly beating out " twerk . " in a related story , the funeral for the english language is this saturday . 
according to a new poll , if the election were held today , mitt romney would beat barack obama . a spokesman for mitt romney said , " no , he’d find a way to blow it . " 
it ' s the anniversary of the gettysburg address and it’s also larry king’s birthday . that’s right—two great events that happened 150 years ago . 
president obama is being criticized for not attending today’s ceremony commemorating the gettysburg address . in fairness though , lincoln didn’t attend obama’s " sorry about this crappy website " speech . 
the toronto city council voted to strip mayor rob ford of most of his duties , making him just a figurehead . now maybe it’s just me — but isn’t the last thing we want to do is give this guy more free time ? 
president obama urged americans not to be put off by the obamacare website , and offered alternative ways to enroll such as using the mail . then the president got back on his horse and rode off to spread the news to the next town . 
two of former vice president dick cheney’s daughters are fighting publicly over the issue of same sex marriage . dick cheney says it pains him that his daughters are feuding . he said , " it’s the first time i’ve ever felt conflicted about a war . " 
doctors say that flamin’ hot cheetos are sending children to the emergency room . so here’s my question : what am i supposed to feed my kids for breakfast ? 
for environmental reasons , the bill gates foundation has proposed making condoms out of beef . which means soon we’ll have condoms that are " baby back ribbed for her pleasure . " 
toronto mayor rob ford’s reality show has been cancelled after one episode . see , that’s the difference between the us and canada — in america , when someone goes off the rails , we renew their reality show . 
members of the tea party gathered outside the white house to demand president obama’s impeachment . the president said he appreciates their views and announced he’s setting up a new website where they can voice their opinions . 
toronto mayor rob ford is now saying that he smoked crack " maybe once . " the problem is that one time lasted six years . 
president obama honored bill clinton with the presidential medal of freedom . clinton thanked obama and asked , " how much freedom are we talking here ? " 
during a tv special magician david blaine performed magic for kanye west . blaine performed an amazing trick where he got kanye to not talk about kanye for eight seconds . 
a new study shows 88% of people disapprove of texting while walking . the other 12% have been killed . 
this week people magazine announced their " sexiest man alive " and president obama awarded the presidential medal of freedom . in other words , this week i was robbed twice . 
the vatican is trying to reign in its finances . it’s so bad , next week pope francis is going to see what he can get for the holy grail on " antiques roadshow . " 
in colorado , some people are giving their pets medical marijuana to deal with pain . which is great , because cats really need another reason to sit on the couch all day . 
qatar will be hosting the world cup , and people are saying that , from overhead , their brand new soccer stadium looks like a vagina . either that or the guys in the space station are just very lonely . 
blockbuster announced they’re closing all their stores . now where am i supposed to go when i want to be alone ? 
bill clinton said in terms of americans keeping their health policy , president obama should " keep his vow . " then he laughed for nine hours . 
the " 50 shades of grey " movie will be postponed until 2015 . for " 50 shades " fans , that ' s agony - sweet , sweet agony . 
this rob ford guy is proof that you can get pretty far just on looks and charm . 
r2d2 has been confirmed for the next " star wars " film . after all these years , r1d1 still can ' t catch a break . 
i wasn’t going to try prilosec , but then i saw an online ad of theirs featuring larry the cable guy . 
today is a day for drinking beer , watching football , and pretending i don ' t want to kiss all the players . 
fun fact : the first thanksgiving had lobster , venison and small pox . 
a new study this week found that women prefer bigger penises . well i say , " too bad . " 
one of the biggest movies this weekend was the disney movie " frozen . " if you haven’t seen it , " frozen " is an animated film about the obamacare website . 
in nevada , where prostitution is legal , prostitutes are signing up for obamacare . which explains why the most popular pickup line for johns in nevada is , " let me help you with your co - pay . " 
in philadelphia , a black friday brawl ended with one woman stun - gunning another . even worse for the loser of the fight , it was the last half - price stun gun . 
activists say the new battle in gay rights is the right for gay people to divorce . i think i speak for every married straight person when i say , " for god’s sake — we tried to warn you . " 
this week , fast - food workers in 100 american cities are going on strike . the workers behind the counter want higher wages and better conditions , and the drive - thru workers — well , no one can understand what the hell they want . 
in california , a 90 - year - old grandmother celebrated her birthday by going skydiving . not intentionally , she just kind of wandered off the plane . 
there’s now an app that figures out the best gift for someone based on their facebook likes . so i guess this christmas , i’m going to be unwrapping my friend’s wife . 
pope francis revealed that he used to work as a nightclub bouncer . in the same interview , he announced that on tuesday nights , ladies get into heaven for free . 
andy warhol’s cousin has been hired to paint a portrait of kim kardashian . that’s because , like andy warhol , his cousin is also good at painting large cans . 
it was reported today that the producers of " 50 shades of grey " will release two versions of the movie . that’s right — an x - rated version and a version no one will see . 
according to new report , america’s teenagers are # 30 in the world in math . luckily , american’s teenagers will never understand the report , because they’re 85th in reading . and # 1 in candy crush . 
the white house confirmed that president obama will be signing up for obamacare . which is good because his current health plan doesn’t cover headaches and depressions caused by obamacare . 
the head of cnn has vowed to add more reality shows to the channel . so be sure and tune in to the new wolf blitzer family show , " raised by wolf . " 
according to a new study , people in ohio curse more than people in any other state . that’s because they’re always saying things like , " shit , we live in cleveland . " 
there is a new trend of baby names inspired by the show " breaking bad . " the most popular female name is " skyler " and the most popular boy name is " yo , bitch . " 
experts say the success or failure of obamacare will depend on whether young people sign up . which is why , as of today , obamacare covers medical marijuana . 
it ' s just come out that , for two decades , the secret launch code for america ' s nuclear missiles was " 00000000 . " even more amazing , george w . bush forgot it twice . 
google is planning to build an army of robots that will replace factory workers . when asked for comment , apple said , " how can they sleep at night , putting that many children out of work ? " 
according to new rankings , america’s teenagers are # 30 in the world in math . but don’t worry , we’re still # 1 in meth . 
vice president joe biden arrived in south korea to talk to the people there . it’s the first ever time people from south korea have tried to sneak into north korea . 
mtv has canceled " teen mom . " so at least mtv knows when to pull out . 
there’s a cold snap , and even in hollywood , temperatures are in the 50s . of course , since it’s hollywood , the weather is telling everyone it’s only in its mid - 30s . 
technology companies like google , twitter and aol are asking the government to limit its surveillance . actually , google and twitter are mad , aol’s just happy that somebody is looking at them . 
a new report shows the nsa posed as gamers in " world of warcraft " to monitor terrorists . apparently , the " world of warcraft " community is heaven for terrorists because it’s full of virgins . 
north korea has confirmed that kim jong - un has fired his uncle . unemployment benefits in north korea include two weeks’ severance and not being shot . 
there’s a new toilet that can check on your health , and even tell you if you ' re pregnant . and there ' s also a deluxe version that can get you pregnant . 
paris hilton’s brother claims that lindsay lohan had someone beat him up . lohan said , " that’s ridiculous , if i wanted to hurt someone i’d use my car . " 
the latest rumor is that one of the olsen twins is getting married . when asked which one , her fiancé said , " who cares ? " 
justin bieber’s mom recently tweeted that she would like to have another child . unless her demands are met . 
denver made it legal for people to smoke marijuana on their porches . by the way , that sound you hear is everyone in denver quickly building a porch . 
it’s been reported that the nsa is recruiting potential spies as young as 15 years old . so far , the only thing the teenage spies have been able to tell the nsa is that the new girl stephanie is a real bitch . 
some are saying , while at nelson mandela’s memorial , president obama flirted with the female prime minister of denmark right in front of michelle obama . man , if president obama felt like the flight to south africa was long… 
president obama shook hands with cuban dictator raul castro . or as fox news reported it , " foreign communist shakes hands with the leader of cuba . " 
president obama’s approval rating among 20 - somethings has been plummeting . which is why obama is now focusing his energy on easing student debt , creating jobs , and touring with macklemore . 
due to inflation , a cup of coffee in russia costs the equivalent of 8 dollars and 30 cents . in other words , they have starbucks in russia . 
wonderbra recently unveiled a new product that eliminates nip slips and sideboob . the amazing device of the future is called " a coat . " 
at a concert the other night , miley cyrus twerked on santa . so don’t expect santa claus to be satisfied with milk and cookies anymore . 
it’s just come out that for two decades , the secret launch code for america’s nuclear missiles was " 00000000 . " this was revealed by a u . s . spy going under the code name " u . s . spy . " 
a federal judge has ruled that president obama’s kenyan uncle may remain in the united states . the judge also ruled that " president obama’s kenyan uncle " is an amazing name for a band . 
canada has made a territorial claim to the entire north pole . unfortunately , while marching out to stake this claim , canada’s army was defeated by two elks and a salmon . 
the fda has just approved a drug to help cure a condition known as " curved penis . " i didn’t hear the rest of the announcement because i was too busy high - fiving everybody around me . 
the supreme court in india has ruled that gay sex is illegal . which explains the new gay pickup line in india , " let’s leave india . " 
time magazine named pope francis the person of the year . and people magazine named him sexiest pope alive . 
fox news anchor megyn kelly told viewers that santa claus was white . then she said santa’s elves are mexican and they’re stealing jobs from american elves . 
the sign language interpreter at nelson mandela’s memorial who faked his translations now says he hallucinates , sees angels , and is sometimes violent . in a related story , next week he starts as gary busey’s life coach . 
in a speech , russian president vladimir putin slammed the us for being " genderless and infertile . " my question : how did vladimir putin get his hands on my match . com profile ? 
in ireland , the government is asking unemployed people to leave the country . but before they go , they should settle up with the bartender . 
bob barker made an appearance on " the price is right " to celebrate his 90th birthday . although , bob is claiming he’s only 89 . 99 . 
congratulations to kate winslet who had a baby this week . out of habit , when her water broke , she jumped into a life boat . 
in a new interview , oprah winfrey says she has no regrets about not having children . oprah said , " i feel bad enough about bringing dr . phil into the world . " 
i ' m gonna go jump in that big pile of leaves . wait , that ' s larry king sitting on his lawn . 
a new study has found that women would rather watch tv than have sex . sort of good news / bad news thing for me . 
i consider myself a moral person . that ' s why i only eat turkeys that have exhausted the appeals process . 
fortunately , " gobble gobble " is turkey for " i ' m ready , jesus . " 
a man in california recently rented the movie " smurfs 2 " but wound up with hardcore porn . the sad part is , somewhere else in california , a grown man had to masturbate to " smurfs 2 . " 
a football player from troy university in alabama has been arrested for murder . so it sounds like he’s ready for the nfl ! 
while pope francis was visiting a children’s center , a young boy snatched the pope’s hat off . and , according to a little known vatican law , that boy is now the new pope . 
new research reveals that being attractive in high school leads to success later in life . so finally – some good news for hot , popular teenagers . 
fox news host megyn kelly said she was just kidding when she said santa claus was white . however she’s standing by her statement that the grinch who stole christmas is definitely jewish . 
the digital team behind both of president obama’s campaigns is already preparing for a hillary clinton run . they’re starting early because they’ve got to delete 10 years of bill clinton’s browser history . 
norad said they will be tracking santa claus this christmas . then the nsa said , " no need , we got him . " 
miley cyrus recently tweeted a topless photo of herself , claiming it was to promote equality . then , charlie sheen claimed his dick pics are a comment on stem cell research . 
a new study in animal behavior shows that dogs excel at figuring out what their human owners want and then giving it to them . so , if your dog keeps trying to hump your leg… that’s on you . 
an entrepreneur has made a device that can prevent the nsa from spying on you by blocking your laptop’s camera . the new high tech device is called a small piece of tape . 
a new study claims that red - headed women are sexually desirable but red - headed men are not . i wouldn’t have minded , but the study mentioned me by name . 
scientists are testing out a new drone that would replace lifeguards . here’s how it works — if you’re drowning , the drone would fly out and then drop a bomb on you . 
toys " r " us announced they will stay open for 87 hours straight leading up to christmas day . to get ready , this morning toys " r " us started hiring only meth addicts . 
new research reveals that being attractive in high school leads to success later in life . the study also found that being nerdy looking in high school leads to a talk show later in life . 
experts say they have had luck getting pandas to breed by using " panda porn " videos . and when they’re done , they sell them to adult movie stores as “hot black - on - white action . ” 
in china , doctors saved a man’s severed hand by attaching it to his ankle . the patient was so excited he gave his doctor a low five . 
the kardashian family has put up a giant christmas tree in the entryway of their home . you can tell the tree is plastic because bruce jenner asked the tree , " who’s your surgeon ? " 
a & e suspended the star of " duck dynasty " phil robertson after he made anti - gay comments . the head of a & e said , " i am shocked that an old bearded duck hunter who lives with his kinfolk in the louisiana bayou did not have progressive views on gay people . " 
over 40 , 000 workers for amazon . com have walked off the job . they’ve been chanting , " what do we want ? higher wages . when do we want it ? in 2 - 5 business days ! " 
kim jong un recently had one of his uncles executed . then again , during the holidays , who hasn’t wanted to kill their uncle ? 
the star of " duck dynasty " spoke out against homosexuality . he said , the only beard a man should have is one that houses lice and squirrels . 
whole foods will stop selling chobani greek yogurt due to concerns about genetic modifications . to read more about it , check out this week ' s issue of " white people magazine . " 
former olympic figure skating gold medalist brian boitano announced he is gay . he did it by saying , " hi , i ' m olympic figure skater brian boitano . " 
you could let your guests pile their coats on the bed , but you ' re just inviting dna confusion if the night ends in murder . 
amazon drone , wow . just when i was getting used to the barnes & noble surface - to - air book launcher . 
david beckham said he was hazed his first year as a pro player . for 10 grueling minutes , he was forced to pose for photos with a shirt on . 
i don ' t want to say healthcare . gov is still flawed , but my health insurance is now being paid for by a prince in nigeria . 
phil collins is making music again . it took him this long to decide which super close - up photo of his face to put on the album cover . 
i’m almost done with my christmas shopping . thanks , burger king ! 
this week , dennis rodman and six former pro basketball players will travel to north korea to play the top north korean basketball team . my advice to dennis rodman : lose . 
charlie sheen announced he got married to his porn star girlfriend . call me sentimental , but i think this porn star marriage has a chance . 
at the consumer electronics show , everyone is talking about the samsung tv with the 110 - inch screen . finally , a way to make my head look even bigger . 
the san francisco 49ers and green bay packers played in minus 2 degree weather . it was the only game in nfl history where players tackled each other just for warmth . 
the supreme court has halted gay marriages in utah . the supreme court said , " in utah , marriage is still a sacred bond between a man and his six wives . " 
in iowa , a man said he’s lost 40 pounds eating only mcdonald ' s for three months . not to be outdone , a man in illinois lost 60 pounds after eating white castle just once . 
critics are pointing out the movie " wolf of wall street " uses the f - word 506 times . which is still 6 less times than it’s used in " the hobbit . " 
it’s so cold , miley cyrus licked a hammer & her tongue got stuck to it . 
during a satellite interview from north korea , dennis rodman started screaming at a cnn reporter . there was an awkward moment when kim jong un said , " oh my god , this guy is a lunatic . " 
netflix ceo reed hastings had such a successful year , the company is giving him a 50% pay raise . when he heard , hastings got so excited he began live - streaming in his pants . 
a man who has two functioning penises recently went on reddit to do a q & a . the man cut the q & a short saying , " got to go , i’ve got two functioning penises . " 
critics are saying the new movie " wolf of wall street " used the f - word 506 times . then again , so did everyone booked this week on jet blue . 
dennis rodman has brought a delegation of ex - nba stars to north korea . not to promote diplomacy , to avoid child - support payments . 
in las vegas , " transformers " director michael bay stormed off stage after a teleprompter wasn’t showing his speech . bay said he hasn’t walked out on anything since he saw the last " transformers " movie . 
the niece of fashion designer ralph lauren forced her airline flight to land in ireland due to a drunken " air rage " incident . upon landing , authorities immediately detained her and made her prime minister of ireland . 
in seattle , a woman ate nothing but starbucks for a year . not intentionally , it just took her that long to get to the front of the line . 
the " duck dynasty " cast has added a new puppy to the show . unfortunately , phil robertson fired the puppy after he saw it sniffing another dog’s butt . 
a member of congress said that unemployment benefits basically pay people to " not work . " he said the only people who should be paid for not working are members of congress . 
chris christie is being accused of getting back at a political rival by blocking access to the george washington bridge . christie said , " i never blocked access to the gwb , i blocked access to a kfc . " 
apple suggests that iphone users turn off their phones if they’re in temperatures below 32 degrees . apple also said , if it’s below 32 degrees , you may not want to send a dick pic . 
the electronics company lg has designed a dishwasher that can send text messages to you . it should be popular because the only text the dishwasher sends is , " i’m so wet . " 
the polar vortex that put the entire country into a deep freeze is now heading up north to canada . finally some payback for giving us justin bieber . 
for the past week now , colorado has been allowing the sale of legal recreational marijuana . in a related story , in one week the population of colorado has jumped to 315 million people . 
the national society of film critics has named the coen brothers’ new movie " inside llewyn davis " the best film of the year . they’ve also named it the " film with the best soon - to - be - porn - title . " 
everyone is fine , but honey boo boo’s family was involved in a minor traffic accident . apparently , their home rear - ended their neighbor’s home . 
mcdonald’s restaurants in japan have started selling cheese fries that you can’t get here in the u . s . which makes me wonder…who really won world war ii ? 
this week is nicolas cage’s 50th birthday . cage’s friends handed him a birthday card , and without reading it , cage immediately said , " ok , i’ll be in the movie . " 
the government is accusing the makers of several weight loss products of deceiving the public . probably the most deceptive of these companies : cinnabon . 
dreamt that i bought some new boots and a sturdy umbrella for the morton salt girl . 
don’t hate the playa , unless he’s playing lacrosse . 
fox news is starting a channel for children . it’s going to call president obama a " socialist kenyan muslim with cooties . " 
kim jong un & nicolas cage have birthdays this week . so happy birthday to a madman unleashing terrible things on the world , and kim jong un . 
if chris christie had blocked people from entering new jersey he’d be a hero . 
nothing attracts paparazzi like filling your grocery cart with oat bran and charmin . 
writing a cookbook for sharks was a waste of my time . 
anyone else lie awake at night wondering how to steal jason bateman ' s likability ? 
fun fact : each new member of one direction is grown humanely at direction labs facilities , using only the finest polymer - based additives . 
i’ve already broken my new year’s resolution to not camp out on jennifer lawrence’s driveway . 
one sign the economy’s picking up : it’s reportedly just recently gotten " less hard out there for a pimp . " 
justin bieber could be facing felony charges after egging his neighbor’s home . in his defense , his neighbor was blasting justin bieber music . 
leonardo dicaprio left his girlfriend at home so that he could take his mother to the golden globes . then , at the golden globes , he dumped his mother for a younger , hotter mom . 
a couple decided to let the internet vote on the name of their future daughter . so this spring – look for the birth of the beautiful little girl named " cat fail bieber . " 
people investigating the chris christie bridge scandal say the governor could be removed from office . critics say that removing christie from office would require a federal indictment , full support of both houses and a three ton construction crane . 
some new jersey democrats have started an investigation to get chris christie out of the governor ' s mansion . and by " governor’s mansion " they mean the white castle at exit 8 . 
at the golden globes , the e ! network described michael j fox’s parkinson’s disease as a " fun fact . " here’s another fun fact – someone at e ! got fired this morning . 
" 12 years a slave " won the golden globe for best drama . it’s gotten so much buzz , today the studio announced a sequel , " 13 years a slave . " 
a southwest airlines flight landed at the wrong airport in missouri . a spokesperson for southwest said , " close enough . " 
a japanese company bought the jim beam whiskey distillery for 16 billion dollars . of course this morning , the japanese company woke up in an alley and said , " i did what ? " 
manufacturers are testing a new drug that increases a woman’s sex drive . the drug is actually taken by men , and it makes them do the dishes . 
over the weekend , katy perry visited the great wall of china . perry’s trip to the great wall brought together three things you can see from outer space . 
a new study claims that sexual activity improves your mental performance . which explains why i struggled so much in high school . 
political analysts say " there’s no getting around the fact " that chris christie is a bully . then again , when you think about it , there’s no getting around chris christie , period . 
justin bieber reportedly caused $ 20 , 000 in damage to his neighbor’s home by egging it . it’s being called the most pointless use of an egg since the fertilization of justin bieber . 
new jersey governor chris christie gave his state of the state address . christie started the speech by saying " sorry i’m late , but i can’t control the traffic . " 
it was announced that president obama will visit pope francis . obama said he wants to tell the pope , " you know , they liked me a lot too that first year . " 
it was announced that president obama will visit pope francis . the president said , " i’m looking forward to meeting the one old white guy who’s not bashing obamacare . " 
the president of iran tweeted about a historic new nuclear weapons agreement . the tweet got no response until this morning , when it was retweeted by lady gaga . 
a new hampshire college student recently spent three months dancing across china . he was later congratulated by the chinese ambassador , hoo cares . 
a kid in new jersey is falsely claiming to be my illegitimate son . for the record , i have three children : neve , beckett , and ronan farrow . 
last night , i was reading " bridge to terabithia " to my kids when chris christie showed up and shut it down . 
new year’s eve is just a made up holiday created by the taxi industry to get more vomit in cars . 
friends are asking about my new year’s plans , but drinking off - brand gin & browsing lanebryant . com isn’t really something you plan . 
i consider 2013 a pretty good year for me because i didn’t appear in any pistachio commercials . 
a recent poll has revealed that 49 percent of americans support the legalization of marijuana . another 23 percent would’ve supported it but they were too busy watching " spongebob . " 
justin bieber is being accused of throwing 20 eggs at his neighbor’s house . and two of the eggs even reached the house . 
in utah , a sperm bank employee is in trouble for switching out clients’ sperm with his own . he’s being charged with " putting too much of himself into his work . " 
justin bieber was detained in his garage during a search of his los angeles home . even worse , police made him sit in his car seat . 
the police raided justin bieber’s house , and his friend lil za was found with ecstasy and possible cocaine . lil za was charged with possession of an illegal substance , and a stupid name . 
in a new interview , first lady michelle obama said she might consider getting plastic surgery . the first lady said , " if barack’s popularity keeps dropping , i do not want to be recognized . " 
apple is paying a settlement of $ 32 million for iphone games that tricked children into charging their parents’ accounts . among the worst offenders : the games " tiny zoo friends , " " dragon story , " and " daddy’s amex number puzzler . " 
after the popularity of the " cronut , " a new york bakery has introduced a croissant - bagel hybrid called the " cragel . " also expected to be popular this year : something new called " type 2 criabetes . " 
the movie " gravity " received 10 nominations . it’s the film where sandra bullock achieves what every hollywood actress dreams of . . . true weightlessness . 
legal experts say if justin bieber is convicted of a felony , he could be deported back to canada . american officials are hopeful they can get " deported " changed to " catapulted . " 
a prominent gay conservative said he’s leaving the republican party because he now believes it is intolerant . friends describe the gay conservative as " slow to notice things . " 
kanye west is standing by the comments he made saying he’ll be remembered like steve jobs . mainly because kanye also puts “i” in front of everything . 
when police raided justin bieber’s home last week , there were two large cookie jars filled with weed . you know , with all the marijuana laying around , you ' d think his music would be better . 
in italy , a nun gave birth . she ' s claiming she has no idea how she got pregnant . today the vatican said , " lady , that excuse worked once . " 
the seahawks and the broncos will be going to the super bowl at giants stadium . the patriots and the 49ers were bummed about losing until they realized now they don’t have to go to new jersey . 
both teams playing in the super bowl are from states where recreational marijuana is legal . which explains why the mascot for both teams is woody harrelson . 
seattle seahawks player richard sherman is under fire for trash - talking an opponent on live tv last night . fellow nfl players said , " there’s a proper way to express those feelings , and it’s called ' murder . ' " 
it’s been reported that new york jets tight end kellen winslow was caught masturbating in his car in a target parking lot . to be fair though , when you finally do find a parking spot at target , it’s pretty exciting . 
in reference to his bridge scandal , chris christie said , " i’m trying to get my arms around an awful situation . " christie’s wife said , " that sounds like me every night . " 
the george w . bush presidential library will start releasing classified documents from the bush administration . one of the documents shows we invaded iraq because that’s where george w . bush thought carmen sandiego was . 
people close to justin bieber are urging the singer to enter rehab . you know things are bad when lil twist and lil za are worried about you . 
in a new interview , katy perry said as a kid she prayed that she would have " big boobs . " so finally , we have proof that god exists . 
sarah palin said that president obama should stop " playing the race card . " then someone explained to her that honoring martin luther king day is not " playing the race card . " 
in may , the former president of trader joe’s will open a store that sells only expired food . the new store will be known as " 7 - eleven . " 
republican party is now worried about chris christie ' s viability as a candidate . donald trump said that chris christie is " one email away from disaster . " then bill clinton said , " aren’t we all . " 
olympic gold medalist , carl lewis says that chris christie cancelled a position for him as the state ' s " physical fitness ambassador " after lewis did something that christie didn’t like . when asked what he did that christie didn’t like , lewis said , " a sit - up . " 
in washington , d . c . the federal government has had to shut down due to snow . it’s being called the biggest government shutdown caused by an onslaught of whiteness since the tea party . 
vladimir putin on the defensive after making anti - gay statements . russian president vladimir putin said his country is not homophobic because russians like elton john’s music . then he said his favorite elton john song is " don’t let that guy go down on me . " 
france’s first lady is suffering from " extreme fatigue " after learning of her husband’s affair with an actress . i don’t know why she’s tired — he’s the one juggling two women . 
the tv writer who created the catchphrase " what chu talking bout , willis ? " died at the age of 92 . on his deathbed he confessed , " i always knew what willis was talkin’ bout . " 
justin bieber spent $ 75 , 000 dollars at a strip club . there was an awkward moment when bieber asked a stripper for a lap dance and then he sat on her lap . 
in belarus , a parrot is in the running to win a local council seat . the parrot wants better schools , improved roads , and a cracker . 
recently on the spanish island of ibiza , the island prostitutes formed a union . and if there’s one thing the prostitutes union knows , it’s how to spot a scab . 
a picture has gone viral from the sochi olympic venue showing a single bathroom stall with two toilets . wow , those two - man luge teams do everything together . 
earlier this week in colorado , justin bieber peed his name in the snow . coincidentally , that’s also how he writes his songs . 
california governor jerry brown has declared california to be in an official drought emergency . so ladies , when i ask you to take a shower with me , i’m just trying to conserve water . 
despite his recent scandals , chris christie is getting a lot of support from new jersey’s hispanics . some hispanics like christie’s moderate conservatism , and others believe that if you hit him , he’ll break open and spill out candy . 
the smog from factories in china is traveling across the pacific and hitting the u . s . great— so now even our smog is made in china . 
it’s been reported that bruce jenner has undergone surgery to decrease the size of his adam’s apple . jenner said , " hey – it worked for khloe . " 
justin bieber was arrested in miami beach after drag racing , driving under the influence , and resisting arrest . police have charged bieber with impersonating a resident of florida . 
in florida , justin bieber was arrested for dui . police reports said bieber’s blood contained large amounts of alcohol , pot , and flinstones chewables . 
justin bieber was briefly jailed , and the police report described him as " 5 - foot - 9 and 140 lbs . " or as his cellmate put it , " just right . " 
i hate the paparazzi , always photographing me when i’m with my family or searching through nick jonas’ trash . 
just saw her . ( not the movie , the capitalized object pronoun . ) 
just read part of an incredible synopsis of an article about attention deficit something or other . 
the toronto city counselor says that mayor rob ford is unable to change . i imagine he means out of that suit . 
just snaked my bathroom drain and pulled out an ewok . 
when someone calls me pretentious , the white gloves come off . 
that last episode of “sex sent me to the e . r . ” got the color wrong on my speedo . 
during last night’s grammys , 33 gay and straight couples got married on live television . unfortunately , due to a terrible mix up , steven tyler and adele are now married . 
last week , a new jersey state senator said he will introduce a bill to legalize marijuana in new jersey . of course , new jersey governor chris christie promised to veto it , saying , " you do not want me to get the munchies . " 
subway sandwiches has announced a major new campaign to get people to eat healthier . i’m no health expert , but maybe the first thing to do is not sell people piles of meat and bread " by the foot . " 
at the grammys people were commenting on steven tyler ' s moustache . they were saying , " oh look , that old romanian lady forgot to wax her lip . " 
madonna performed for the 33 couples that got married at the grammys . madonna sang her new hit song , " please stop asking me what i’ve done to my face . " 
france ' s electronic duo daft punk won five grammys . the french duo said , " it ' s nice to finally win something without military assistance from america . " 
over the weekend , the miami heat took away justin bieber’s courtside seats . when asked why , a spokesman for the heat said , " bieber’s not acting like a nba fan — he’s acting like a nba player . " 
toronto mayor rob ford claims he’s found a way to bring in $ 50 million for toronto . basically , america will pay him to take back justin bieber . 
it’s tradition that one cabinet member does not attend the state of the union and is kept in a secret , undisclosed location . so this year that cabinet member will be on a primetime show on nbc . 
one of the players for the broncos ' mother and grandmother will be watching the super bowl from prison . in other words , this guy was born to play in the nfl . 
the royal family has reportedly burned through its money and is strapped for cash . in fact , queen elizabeth needs money so badly she’s now co - starring in the next nicolas cage movie . 
one of the stars of " duck dynasty " will be in attendance for the state of the union address . it’s considered historic – the first time a " duck dynasty " member will be within 500 feet of a black person . 
president obama’s chief speechwriter said the president started working on his state of the union address around thanksgiving . in a related story , today joe biden finished giving a speech he started around thanksgiving . 
michigan has put forth a plan to give visas to immigrants , if they promise to spend five years living in detroit . when they heard , immigrants from dozens of impoverished war - torn countries said , " we’re good . " 
after more than 600 passengers on a royal caribbean cruise got sick , the ship is scheduled to return to new jersey early . passengers say they can’t wait to get off the boat and have diarrhea on dry land . 
according to a new study , white people are on the verge of becoming the minority race in california . unless ladies , i get busy immediately . 
a snowstorm in atlanta resulted in a 10 - hour traffic jam . to which people in los angeles responded , " you guys need snow for that ? " 
this november , legalizing marijuana will be on the ballot in florida . great news for everyone who wishes people in florida would drive even slower . 
last night , president obama renewed his call for a " path to citizenship " for illegal aliens . even more popular though was his road block to citizenship for justin bieber . 
in a new interview , jerry springer said he would want president obama as a son . in response , obama said , " thanks but i’ll stick to not having a dad . " 
in anticipation of the winter olympics , a female curling champion released some sexy photos of herself curling in lingerie . when asked for comment , americans said , " still not going to watch curling . " 
china has banned cigarette smoking in schools . fortunately , children in china can still smoke at their jobs . 
the owner of the ringling brothers barnum & bailey circus has become america’s latest billionaire . he got rich by paying his workers peanuts . 
people are still shocked that two inches of snow could cause the entire city of atlanta to shut down . but as i always tell the ladies - - sometimes two inches is all you need . 
a marijuana advocacy group is placing five pro - marijuana billboards around the stadium where the super bowl is being played . well , they were planning to , but then it just felt like so much work . 
the super bowl will be played in governor chris christie’s home state of new jersey . so it’s a state that lately has gotten used to 300 pound guys blocking things . 
toronto mayor rob ford defended justin bieber , but said he’s not a fan of bieber’s music . ford said , " there’s not enough crack in the world . " 
justin bieber turned himself in at a toronto police station for an assault charge . there was a bit of confusion when bieber first arrived and policemen asked , " hey little girl , have you lost your mommy ? " 
justin bieber has been charged with assaulting his toronto limo driver . the driver is reportedly suffering from minor injuries , and being the laughingstock of the toronto limo industry . 
after 600 people got sick on a cruise , royal caribbean is offering those passengers 50% off a future cruise . a royal caribbean spokesman said , " it’s a good deal –that’s the same amount of diarrhea , but for half the price . " 
a photo has emerged of justin bieber licking the nipple of a stripper . in his defense , he is still nursing . 
after appearing in a commercial during the super bowl , people are accusing bob dylan of selling out . today , dylan responded by saying , " everyone needs to calm down , have a bud light and relax at a sandals resort . " 
yesterday was groundhog day . the groundhog came out , saw five minutes of the super bowl and then went right back into his hole . 
some are saying that this year’s super bowl ads were socially progressive , with a cheerios commercial featuring an interracial couple and coke featuring a gay couple . and i don’t even want to know what that clydesdale and puppy are up to . 
a video banning masturbation has been released by brigham young university . students at brigham young told the university , " so it’s okay for you to release something ? " 
just read a study claiming dogs can feel love , which is yet another way dogs are superior to cats . and comedians . 
my super bowl tradition ? watching the game at a hampton inn with a drifter . 
queen elizabeth is in financial trouble . how do you go broke when your face is on the money ? 
at this time , eva mendes and i ask for privacy about our burgeoning relationship . thank you . 
10 years ago today , mark zuckerberg launched facebook . zuckerberg said , " it all started with the dream of helping people keep track of how fat their exes have gotten . " 
there are rumors circulating of a justin bieber sex tape . the sex tape is being marketed as " hot girl on girl action . " 
in sochi , russia where the olympics are being held there’s a mall where the only store currently open is a cinnabon . or as americans refer to it – a mall that caters to all of our needs . 
sunday’s game was the most watched super bowl in history . it was a hit with fans of both football and whatever the broncos were playing . 
after his super bowl half - time show , bruno mars had the # 1 album on itunes . meanwhile , after their performance , the red hot chili peppers had the # 1 brand of chest - waxing kits . 
yesterday , red hot chili peppers bassist flea admitted the band faked playing during the super bowl . in his defense , so did the broncos . 
because of his bad behavior while flying , justin bieber has reportedly been added to the homeland security watch list . terrorists heard this and said , " please don’t lump us in with that douchebag . " 
there’s a new rumor that when bill clinton was president , he flew actress elizabeth hurley to the white house for sex . this was a rumor started by bill clinton . 
today the olympic torch arrived in sochi . vladimir putin immediately put it out because he thought it was , " too flaming . " 
a shipment of chobani yogurt intended for the olympics is being held up due to a problem with russian regulations . apparently vladimir putin is so homophobic he isn’t allowing anything into russia that advertises " fruit on the bottom . " 
visitors to the winter olympics in sochi are reporting horror stories of rooms without heat , hot water , or working toilets . which explains why these olympics are being sponsored by royal caribbean cruises . 
this week , onboard justin bieber’s private jet , the pilots had to wear oxygen masks because of all the pot smoke . not only that , the pilots had to wear earplugs because bieber was blasting his own music . 
amsterdam has opened the first ever museum of prostitution . it costs $ 20 to go in through the front , and $ 60 to go in through the rear . 
the olympics start airing tonight on nbc . that ' s right—nbc has the olympics . it ' s a big deal . nbc will finally get to show somebody who ' s okay with passing the torch . 
there are two huge things to watch this weekend—the return of " the walking dead " and the olympics in sochi . one is a about a group of people trying to survive an apocalyptic environment under horrific conditions , the other is " the walking dead . " 
when you see a walker in la , it’s not because they’re a zombie—it just means they have a dui . 
apple is reportedly testing a new smartwatch that is charged by the movement of your wrist . i never thought the answer to the energy crisis… would be me in high school . 
there are rumors that the russian government has placed cameras in the hotel bathrooms in sochi . when asked about it , russia said , " don’t worry , our cameras don’t work either . " 
a top nfl prospect has announced that he’s gay . then someone explained to him that having a crush on tom brady doesn’t make you gay . 
after winning bronze in speed skating , russia’s olga graf unzipped her suit forgetting that she had nothing underneath it . officials immediately took back the bronze medal and gave her the gold . 
organizers for the sochi olympics have had trouble filling seats for the biathlon . this is because vladimir putin is warning people away from any event containing the word " bi - . " 
today at the winter olympics , temperatures reached almost up to 60 degrees . in other words , the only thing higher than the temperature were the u . s snowboarders . 
in sochi , a snowboarder who wrote his number on his helmet got so many naked pictures that his phone broke . in a related story , bill clinton just took up snowboarding . 
olympic officials distributed 100 , 000 condoms to athletes in sochi . of course , they only gave them to the curling team as a joke . 
in portland , oregon , a group of african - americans are protesting a new trader joe’s location because they say it will attract too many white people . which is ironic because portland is the native american word for , " too many white people . " 
us snowboarding champion sage kotsenburg said he wishes his gold medal was made of bacon . of course , if the medals were made of bacon , america wouldn’t be in fifth place , we’d be in first . 
last year , facebook founder mark zuckerberg donated nearly a billion dollars to charity . zuckerberg said , " i couldn’t have done it without everybody’s credit card numbers . " 
a photo from sochi has gone viral that shows an elevator with nothing but " up " buttons . however , that is perfectly normal , says sochi olympics organizer willy wonka . 
a new survey has revealed that for valentine ' s day , 30% of women prefer sex over flowers . the survey was from a sampling of women i ' ve never encountered in my life . 
the slovenian woman who won the gold medal in alpine skiing is also a pop star in her country . so justin bieber’s not the only pop star going downhill fast . 
researchers say that at least four species of crocodiles are able to climb trees . then , researchers said , " sleep tight . " 
yesterday , both the us men’s and women’s curling teams lost . it was the hardest day of their lives since they told their parents , " i’m on the curling team . " 
bob costas had to take a break from hosting the olympic coverage due to an eye infection . in fact , his eyes are so bloodshot , he’s been made an honorary member of the us snowboarding team . 
the family of openly gay nfl prospect michael sam says they only found out he was gay from watching espn . meanwhile , michael sam found out he was gay from watching bravo . 
a los angeles newscaster has had to apologize to samuel l . jackson for mistaking him for laurence fishburne . he said , " i’m sorry , but everybody makes mistakes , even our great president morgan freeman . " 
to stop the spread of disease , the city of vancouver has allowed crack pipes to be sold in vending machines . the plan was called “dangerous” by the mayor of new york city , and " genius " by the mayor of toronto . 
nevada announced it will now look the other way on gay marriage . unless two attractive lesbians are getting married—then it will stare . 
yesterday , matt lauer jokingly blamed bob costas’ eye infection on russian president vladimir putin . and today , police are wondering , " where in the world is matt lauer ? " 
this valentine’s day , boston market is offering a free dessert to couples . so she may be disappointed you took her to boston market on valentine ' s day , but when she leaves halfway through the meal , you’re going to get two free desserts ! 
everyone’s okay , but at a mcdonald ' s in michigan , a woman fired a gun at a drive - through worker for forgetting bacon on her order . in the woman’s defense , the worker did forget her bacon . 
ryan seacrest is launching his own clothing line . it’s called , “there’s no escaping me . ” 
billy ray cyrus has come out with a hip hop version of " achy breaky heart . " experts say it’s the first time in music history that fans of hip hop and country have hated the same thing . 
i’d like to retire somewhere warm , like sochi . 
i just found out the " l " in samuel l . jackson stands for laurence fishburne . 
still no interest in a reunion of my old irish - american boy band , pale by comparison . 
americans now read facebook more than the bible . i guess nobody wants to read about a guy who could only come up with 12 friends . 
it was announced that barbie will be featured in next week’s swimsuit issue of sports illustrated . so it looks like i can finally say that i’ve made out with a sports illustrated swimsuit model . 
some mcdonald’s restaurants are taking reservations on valentine’s day . they’re getting a lot of " tables for one . " 
a new york judge has ruled that lap dances are taxable because they are not art . or , maybe he just hasn’t had the right lap dance . 
this week , two female skiers made history by finishing with the exact same time and each winning a gold medal . they also launched a new porn site , " two girls , one podium . " 
in sochi , a man who criticized the sochi games was sentenced to three years in a prison colony . after hearing the sentence , the man said , " it’s still better than a hotel in sochi . " 
warning : this tweet is not for younger readers ! ok , here we go . tits . 
just taught my kids about taxes by eating 38% of their ice cream . 
my goldfish is either planking or dead . 
it’s hard to believe that the greatest division in american politics these days is " pro - " or " anti - chick - fil - a . " 
only 364 more shopping days until christmas . 
i start every morning with a simple affirmation : i will not murder anyone today . 
new research claims 12% of websites are porn . and the other 88% of sites help direct you to porn . 
it ' s been reported that president obama asked hbo for copies of the upcoming season of " game of thrones . " you know things are bad in this country when even the white house can ' t afford hbo . 
yesterday in sochi , a spectator was ejected after he yelled out , " it’s okay to be gay ! " in response , all the male figure skaters said , " okay ? it is awesome . " 
two former members of the russian punk band " pussy riot " were detained by police in sochi . if found guilty , they could be sentenced to two weeks in a sochi hotel room . 
in south carolina , a woman spent a night in jail for failing to return a vhs copy of the jennifer lopez movie " monster - in - law . " yet , the people who made that movie are still allowed to walk free . 
in miley cyrus’ new concert , she simulates oral sex with a bill clinton impersonator when he heard , bill clinton said , " you know— i do a pretty good bill clinton . " 
the professional networking site linkedin says it wants to be " facebook for work . " critics say there already is a " facebook for work . " it ' s called " facebook . " 
today , the russian hockey team lost and was knocked out of the olympics . people in russia haven’t been this depressed since last week . 
yesterday , president obama apologized for saying a person with an art history degree doesn’t earn a lot . then obama turned to an art history major and ordered a tall frappuccino with soy . 
google is asking users of google glass to stop being what they refer to as " glassholes . " they said , " this isn ' t directed at all google glass users , just the ones being glouchebags . " 
as an alternative to obamacare , some republicans are touting president bush’s 2007 plan , which they’re calling " bushcare . " bushcare covers boo - boos , cooties and ouchies . 
in florida , a 101 - year - old man is planning to run for congress . his slogan is , " vote for me , and then vote again in two months . " 
ceelo green said he won’t be back as a judge on " the voice . " ceelo said he wants to spend more time with his family , facing the wrong direction . 
watching that new irish hoarding show , where they clean out a man’s lifetime accumulation of slights , rebuffs and resentments . 
a prehistoric village has been unearthed in miami . experts say the indigenous people ate fish and small game at around 4 in the afternoon . 
a new study of online dating profiles reveal women respond 31% better to men who use the word " whom . " frankly , i don’t know whom these men are or whom they’re trying to impress . 
an expert estimates that chris christie has lost 100 pounds since having gastric bypass surgery . the surgery is amazing—it basically shuts down a bridge to your stomach . 
tomorrow , the big event in the olympics is the us playing canada in men’s hockey . this is the most that americans have wanted to see canadians beaten since they sent us justin bieber . 
despite all the problems they’re having in sochi , visitors have reported that at least the internet is good . they’ve been using it to download hot , sexy pictures of working toilets . 
yesterday , a snowboarder who was raised in america won a gold medal for russia . so congrats to edward snowden . 
the company that owns old navy announced plans to raise the minimum wage they pay their employees to $ 10 . 00 per hour . this way they won’t have to shop at old navy . 
an initiative has been proposed that would divide california into 6 separate states . the new states would include west california , central california and kardashia . 
kim , khloe , and kourtney kardashian are unveiling a line of clothing for girls . the kardashians said , " we want to inspire women of all ages with the message that , if you set your mind to it , there’s no one you can’t do . " 
according to a new poll , michael vick is still the most hated player in the nfl . however , on the bright side , he’s still the “most liked” among cats . 
facebook has announced that the site will still show your page after you die . however , facebook will change your relationship status to " it’s complicated . " 
according to a new study , women are more attracted to men who talk less . which is why you often overhear women say , " whoa , check out that mime . " 
taco bell is trying to take on mcdonald ' s in the breakfast market by offering a " waffle taco . " taco bell said they ' re trying to capture that very narrow market—stoners who get up early in the morning . 
kim jong un and his wife are expecting their second child . they don ' t care if it ' s a boy or a girl , just as long as it ' s crazy . 
russia ended up with the most gold medals at the sochi olympics . russian athletes said , " we played like our lives were on the line , because our lives were on the line . " 
yesterday , jason collins became the first openly gay player to play in an nba game . he also became the first nba player not being pursued by a woman for child support . 
the nation of uganda is getting slammed for a new bill sentencing people to prison for homosexuality . the bill was drafted by uganda’s " committee on not understanding what goes on in prison . " 
today all the hosts of the today show went makeup - free . it was mostly uneventful , except for the revelation that al roker is a tiny japanese woman . 
alec baldwin announced that he is stepping out of the media spotlight and leaving public life . alec said , " i’m doing on purpose what my brothers did by accident . " 
new research shows that dogs can distinguish a happy human voice from a sad one . and yet they still can ' t distinguish a human leg from another dog ' s butt . 
mark zuckerberg says he doesn’t think he overpaid when he bought the instant messaging service " whatsapp " for $ 19 billion . zuckerberg said , " hey , if you know another way for people to communicate without talking , i’m all ears . " 
the dairy group who came up with " got milk " has officially retired the slogan . the dairy group said their ad campaign was a success , now that pretty much everyone has heard of milk . 
the nfl is warning arizona that if they approve a bill that discriminates against gays , they may not get to host the 2015 super bowl . and it may also hurt arizona’s chances of hosting the tony awards . 
today in california a couple out walking their dog found 10 million dollars worth of rare coins buried in the ground . it’s the biggest stash of coins found since oprah had her couch cushions cleaned . 
delta airlines is under fire for refusing to let a woman openly breastfeed on a flight . or as male passengers call it " in - flight entertainment . " 
a new study reveals men and women who are " friends with benefits " are able to maintain the friendship even after the benefits end . the study refers to this arrangement as " marriage . " 
in a new interview , khloe karashian said she has no regrets . when asked the same question , her mother admitted to having at least three regrets . 
a texas state senator who’s opposed to gay marriage accidentally tweeted , " marriage is between a man and a man . " the senator said it was a simple mistake , like that time he joined grindr instead of christian mingle . 
this is the second year that people are able to vote for the oscars online . which explains why the two big contenders for best picture are " minesweeper " and " porn . " 
new research suggests that people are attracted to voices that are similar to their own . which is why i’ve always had a thing for dolphins . 
this sunday is the oscars . or as they’re officially called , " hoarders—the meryl streep edition . " 
at sunday’s oscars , female nominees will receive a gift bag that includes a voucher for vaginal rejuvenation . it’s being called " the closest hollywood gets to caring about who you are on the inside . " 
a former target employee is accusing the store of hiring only attractive people as managers . apparently , he is talking about a target i have never been to . 
in california , the owner of a christian medical marijuana dispensary says god told him to sell pot . the dispensary owner said , " it’s right there in the book of dude - eronomy . " 
the academy only nominated nine films for best picture instead of ten . so apparently the academy didn ' t see " a madea christmas . " 
there is a new technique that would allow for three people to be the parent of the same baby . but personally , i’ve found that disappointing two parents is more than enough . 
in california , the owner of a christian medical marijuana dispensary says god told him to sell pot . as proof , he cited the story from the bible where jesus miraculously turns water into pizza . 
the governor of arizona has vetoed the state’s anti - gay law . the governor said she wants to make it clear that gays are welcome in her state–as long as they’re not mexican . 
the very first academy awards ceremony lasted 15 minutes . and thanks to the fast forward button on my dvr , so will this year’s . 
i’d like to think i’m the meryl streep of spilling dip at oscar parties . 
i can’t drink muscle milk anymore because i discovered my body is muscle intolerant . 
last night was the fourth time leonardo dicaprio was nominated for an oscar and the fourth time he’s lost . man , being leo dicaprio must be a living hell . 
thank you for tuning in , i’m conan o’brien . or as john travolta calls me , " kevin ozeem . " 
i’m excited because i won the office oscar pool . i guessed " too long . " 
sunday night ' s oscars are being called the most diverse ever , with a mexican winning best director , and a kenyan winning best supporting actress . matthew mcconaughey noticed this and said , " finally , it’s not all white , all white , all white . " 
in his acceptance speech , matthew mcconaughey said his hero is always himself 10 years from now . so by the time the oscars finished , he was his own hero . 
russia suspended coverage of the oscars last night . and i’m going to guess they’re also not going to show the tonys . 
newsweek magazine is returning , and this time it will be more expensive . this should work , since everyone’s main complaint with newsweek magazine was , " too affordable . " 
in france , a woman won the right to marry her dead fiancé . and just when he thought he’d gotten out of it . 
in a speech yesterday , pope francis accidentally said the f - word in italian . when told about his mistake , the pope said , " no sh * * ! " 
it’s mardi gras . today is " fat tuesday . " or as they call that at america’s waterparks , " tuesday . " 
washington , d . c . voted to decriminalize marijuana . we’re already seeing the effects—at the lincoln memorial , the statue of lincoln is now sitting on a bean bag chair . 
arnold schwarzenegger has revealed that he’s beginning filming the new " terminator " movie next month . in this one , the terminator travels 10 years into the future and meets matthew mcconaughey’s hero . 
bradley cooper revealed that while attending a dinner at the white house , he once went " commando . " when he heard this bill clinton said , " once ? i was the commando in chief . " 
radio shack announced plans to close 1 , 000 stores throughout the us . radio shack customers were very upset when they got the news on their pagers . 
german police are hunting a pair of robbers who hypnotized a woman before stealing her jewelry . when police asked the hypnotized woman for a statement , she said , " bock , bock , bock ! " 
miami police are releasing a video of justin bieber urinating in his jail cell . in other words they’ve got streaming video of justin bieber . 
in a recent interview , pope francis said that women should play a bigger role in the catholic church . sounds like someone’s girlfriend is starting to call the shots . 
vladimir putin has been nominated for the nobel peace prize . after hearing this , putin said , " tell me who the other nominees are and i will eliminate them . " 
the video of justin bieber’s time in jail will be released with his private parts blurred . it won’t be the first time that bieber’s manhood has been unclear . 
because of russia’s actions in ukraine , president obama is threatening them with economic sanctions . obama said if russia doesn’t pull out kiev , we’re not going to let them borrow any of the money that we borrowed from china . 
vladimir putin has been nominated for the nobel peace prize . people were shocked , until they found out that the head of the nominating committee was kim jong un . 
there is now a new app that will help you find the nearest bathroom . it’s called the starbucks app . 
today is the second day of the 40 - day catholic holiday of lent . you know what i’m giving up this year ? the 40 - day catholic holiday of lent . 
the democratic party is reportedly trying to recruit more white men . which explains their new campaign slogan , " yay khakis ! " 
over the weekend , north korea held elections , and kim jong un was re - elected with 100% of the vote . kim jong un credits the win to his slogan : " vote for me or you will be murdered . " 
sunday was daylight savings time , when we lose an hour for no apparent reason . and , by the way , " losing an hour for no apparent reason " is also the motto for this show . 
yahoo announced they will start making users sign in with a yahoo id . when asked for more details on how to sign in , the yahoo spokesman said , " for god’s sakes just google it . " 
the other night , president obama was paying tribute to aretha franklin when he messed up the spelling of her iconic song " respect . " president obama blamed his speech coach , john travolta . 
a california lawmaker is proposing stricter regulations on the doctors who prescribe medical marijuana . for example , doctors are no longer able to prescribe you pot for the medical condition : " i just got netflix . " 
disney theme parks have introduced a controversial new wristband that tracks your location and activities . what they’ve learned is that most people in disney parks are standing in really long lines . 
while working on the la subway , construction workers have discovered fossils from the ice age . the fossils belong to the last creature to ever use the los angeles subway . 
a player for the baltimore ravens is being charged with starting a fight in a strip club . man . . . that’s so ravens . 
the dalai lama came out in favor of same - sex marriage . then he introduced his husband , the dave lama . 
in colorado , a barber shop is refusing to serve customers who reek of marijuana . today , the barber shop went out of business . 
the clothing company h & m is soon going to release a $ 99 wedding dress . the $ 99 wedding dress is the perfect way to tell your man , " i do – i guess . " 
the country of new zealand is voting on whether to change their flag . apparently new zealand’s current flag is just a sign that says , " no , no— you’re thinking of australia . " 
a right wing pastor is saying that the movie " frozen " will turn kids gay . he also warned that the movie " 300 " will turn right wing pastors gay . 
president obama recently sent the prime minister of canada two cases of white house - brewed beer after losing a bet . obama bet him that justin bieber couldn’t get any douchier . 
archaeologists just discovered a leather belt believed to be 4000 years old . so now we know why larry king wears suspenders . 
in toronto , an 18 - year - old girl is running against rob ford in that city’s mayoral election . her campaign slogan is , " vote for me—i’m not a crack addict . " 
in florida , the town of hampton has been found to be so corrupt , the state may dissolve it , basically ending its existence . this begs the question : how bad a town do you have to be to be an embarrassment to florida ? 
just googled 47 products i would never buy , just to see how fast ads for them pop up on my facebook page . 
terrible climate , centuries of oppression , and the gene for alcoholism . or as i call it , " the luck of the irish . " 
we need to deal with putin once and for all . . . send over our sharpest improv team . 
do you think putin just misunderstood the term " march madness " ? 
an artist puking on lady gaga is national news , but no one cares that i drooled on sofia vergara ? 
wife really wants to see " 300 : rise of an empire . " doesn’t she know those hunky actors are playing fast and loose with historical facts ? 
forbes released the list of the richest billionaires . kinda makes you feel bad for the poorest billionaires . 
mark zuckerberg has reportedly invested millions of dollars into a computer that can think and speak like a person . the computer is known as " mark zuckerberg . " 
" the walking dead " is reportedly going to be edited into a family - friendly version for younger audiences . it will be retitled , " dad’s home for dinner ! " 
in michigan , a funk band has made money off an album of complete silence . you hear that , nickelback ? 
while in china , first lady michelle obama commented on chinese censorship . or as the chinese news reported it , " michelle obama greatly admires chinese censorship . " 
over the weekend , michelle obama arrived in china with her daughters . it marks the first time in china’s history that an american has arrived with daughters . 
former president jimmy carter has accused the nsa of spying on his email . and bill clinton believes the government hacked into his okcupid account . 
pope francis told the mafia that they risk going to hell for their criminal behavior . sounds to me like someone placed a bet on the final four that they can’t cover . 
the movie " noah " has received pope francis’ blessing . however , the pope refused to bless the new muppets movie , saying , " it needed more scooter . " - 
authorities have seized a package of cocaine addressed to the vatican . when asked about it , the pope said , " hey – you can’t give up everything for lent . " 
there’s a new website that helps you write elaborate works of personalized fiction . it’s called " match . com . " 
a new study shows that smoking e - cigarettes does not help people quit smoking real cigarettes . the study concludes that people who smoke e - cigarettes are being " douchebags for nothing . " 
every man in north korea is now required to get kim jong un’s haircut . or , as that style is known in the u . s . , " the first year lesbian . " 
one of president obama’s secret service agents is in trouble after getting drunk and passing out in a hotel hallway . in his defense , spring break ! - 
a company has come out with a beer for star trek fans called " klingon warnog . " not surprisingly , it’s the only beer designed to be drunk alone . 
during her trip to china , michelle obama fed panda bears . like most people the first lady feeds , the bears politely ate the bamboo , then had a cheeseburger the minute she left . 
to protest russia’s invasion of ukraine , ukrainian women are refusing to have sex with russian men . to add insult to injury , when russian troops invaded ukraine , the women there said they didn ' t feel a thing . 
in a recent interview , former vice presidential candidate paul ryan said that he does not have a racist bone in his body . however , ryan admitted he has three sexist bones and his spine is homophobic . 
the nfl announced some tough new rule changes for next season . there will be a 10 - yard penalty for abusive language and a 15 - yard penalty for murdering someone . 
in a speech , pope francis criticized the italian mafia and urged members of the mafia to repent . which is why now every morning the pope makes his assistant start the popemobile . 
it’s been reported that the next " star wars " movie will take place 30 years after " return of the jedi . " so kids—get ready for " combover chewbacca . " 
it just struck me – wolf blitzer is just a serious - looking dandelion . 
quiznos filed for bankruptcy protection ? so where are all the people who never ate there not going to eat ? 
according to a new report , chik - fil - a is now more profitable than kfc . to try and catch up , kfc has just unveiled its new product , " extra crispy gay - hatin’ wings . " 
the white house may ban people from taking selfies with president obama . not only that , the white house now has photobomb - sniffing dogs . 
i just got back after spending a week in dallas . it’s nice to know that if i miss seeing guys in cowboy hats and boots i can just go to west hollywood . 
the obama white house may soon ban the taking of selfies with the president . when he heard , bill clinton said , " man , i remember when ' selfies with the president ' had a totally different meaning . " 
barbara walters announced that her final day on " the view " will be may 16 . it’s not a total shock since she was in the last year of her 80 - year contract . 
a twitter employee live - tweeted the birth of her child . which explains why the doctor kept yelling " push " and " send ! " 
a woman was recently conned out of $ 86 , 000 from a guy she met on match . com . even worse—he still hasn’t called . 
in georgia , a female high school teacher is accused of having a threesome with two male students . she’ll spend time in jail , but those boys will never forget how to draw an isosceles triangle . 
according to a new report , china now watches more porn than the us . this is great news — china is consuming something that’s made in our country . 
the white house has decided not to ban the taking of selfies with the president . however they are cracking down on vice presidential nip slips . 
a recent study has revealed that left - handed people have better sex . i don’t know — i’ve tried it with my left hand and it was terrible . 
a man got a tattoo saying kentucky won the ncaa tournament this year , even though they lost . the tattoo is right above his tattoo congratulating president mitt romney . 
in a recent survey , 84% of americans were unable to locate ukraine on a map . when he heard this , vladimir putin said , " that’s easy — it’s in russia now . " 
a ukrainian man dressed as darth vader is trying to run for his country’s presidency . when election officials told him , " you can’t do that , " he waved his hand and said , " i can do that , " and they said , " you can do that . " 
in england , a movie theater had to cancel a showing of " noah " due to a flood in the movie theater . either that , or the 3d in that movie is really good . 
rob lowe said there is a prejudice against good looking people . rob , if you’re watching , we shall overcome . 
a catholic priest is causing controversy by calling lego products " tools of satan . " sounds to me like someone just stepped on a lego barefoot . 
jillian michaels reportedly wants to leave " the biggest loser " saying it’s gotten too mean . in response , producers said , " this is a completely unfair and baseless accusation from a lying bitch . " 
the coach of brazil’s world cup soccer team told his players they can have sex before games . also , in keeping with regulations , no hands . 
in a new interview , hillary clinton said the first time bill clinton proposed , she said no . hillary said the reason is , he didn’t propose marriage , he proposed a threesome . 
the ceo of whole foods said it’s a great bonding experience to have sleepovers with his employees . then he looked at his phone and said , " i’m sorry , i have to take this , it ' s my lawyer . " 
in a new interview , scarlett johansson says she hates her nickname " scarjo . " however , she really really hates her other nickname , " chesty mchotvoice . " 
according to a new rule , secret service agents can no longer drink alcohol 12 hours before reporting for duty . the rule came at the request of president barack obuzzkill . 
north korean dictator kim jong un has been re - elected with 100% of the vote . he said , " i haven ' t been this happy since i scored 700 , 000 on the sats . " 
captain america is currently the number one movie in china . the chinese say their favorite part is when captain american asks captain china for a $ 17 trillion dollar loan . 
in las vegas , a man’s missing $ 35 , 000 rolex was found in his masseuse’s vagina . the man said , " i think i know where she put my college ring , and she can keep it . " 
great acting in " noah . " giraffe # 2 was incredible . 
" meredith vieira covered in garlic aioli " is my most vowel - heavy sexual fantasy . 
a new study says being optimistic or pessimistic may be largely genetic . so , in the words of my father , " we’re all screwed . " 
a colorado company has introduced the first - ever marijuana vending machine . as a result , the vending machines around it are doing much better . 
a new study found that exposure to barbie dolls limits a girl ' s imagination . the study also found that exposure to ken dolls causes boys to think that their penis will eventually fall off . 
at the palm sunday mass , pope francis reportedly came up with his sermon on the spot . you could tell because he started the sermon with , " is brooklyn in the house ? " 
after mass yesterday , pope francis posed for selfies . it’s sad because he ' s still doing " duck face . " 
scientists think they have definitive proof that jesus had a wife . maybe so , since he’s not the first husband to get killed after going out drinking with 12 of his guy friends . 
bill clinton calls himself a " vegan " but he reportedly cheats on his diet . he also calls himself " married . " 
yesterday , north korea held its annual marathon . so congratulations to first , second , and third place winner—kim jong un . 
burger king restaurants in china released a new beverage called the poopoo smoothie . don’t worry , in china " poopoo " just means " terrible name for a drink . " 
for today only , google glass is available to the public for the price of $ 1 , 500 . it’s the perfect gift for anyone who thinks their bluetooth headset isn’t douchey enough . 
as a prom night promotion , kfc is offering corsages made out of fried chicken . but guys , be warned , if you give your date a chicken corsage , your prom night will definitely be boneless . 
scientists now believe that jesus christ had a wife . they also believe that jesus ' s nephew called jesus ' s wife the " auntie christ . " 
late last night , a phenomenon occurred that scientists say won’t happen again until next fall . that’s right , the lakers won . 
in afghanistan’s presidential election , early returns show abdullah abdullah is winning . abdullah abdullah is doing great among men , old people , and stutterers . 
the supreme court of india has ruled that there are three genders not two . the three genders are " male , female , and bieber . " 
donald trump says that he is serious about buying an nfl team . trump said , " i love football , that’s why i’m always wearing this helmet . " 
a british company has released a new ice cream which is made with viagra . they said their goal is to " give you a better erection , then make you too fat to find it . " 
domino’s debuted a new pizza where instead of dough , they use fried chicken . it’s called " domino’s deep dish you’re all going to die . " 
this year’s easter sunday happens to fall on the same day as the marijuana holiday 4 / 20 . which means , no matter what your religion , this sunday you’re probably gonna see a giant bunny . 
yesterday , miley cyrus got sick and was taken to the hospital . when asked how it happened , miley said , " i don’t know , it must have been something i licked . " 
the pope let two 11 - year - old boys ride in the popemobile with him . afterwards , the vatican told the pope , " that’s not the kind of publicity we’re looking for these days . " 
analysts say the key voting block that democrats have to reach this year is unmarried women . when bill clinton was told , he said , " i’m on it . " 
donald trump is reportedly interested in buying an nfl team for $ 1 billion dollars . so browns fans can look forward to rooting for the " cleveland comb - overs . " 
some experts are claiming that watching porn is bad for your sex life . those experts are called " wives . " 
while filming a commercial for an energy drink , kim kardashian fell off a bicycle . luckily , her body is 90% pillow . 
in a new interview , kate upton said she wishes she had smaller breasts . kate , do what i did—learn to love your extra large appendage . 
a new report claims that posing with a dog in your online dating profile makes you more desirable . and posing with a cat means you’re going to die alone . 
lot of talk that jeb bush may run for president . potential republican candidate jeb bush is married to an immigrant from mexico . so they’re taking our jobs and our jebs . 
a southwest pilot who famously landed at the wrong airport has retired . he tried to retire to florida but ended up in alabama . 
i ' m frequently told that i resemble someone ' s best friend who still likes ska . 
i know it ' s early in the season , but so far my game of thrones " murder bracket " is intact . 
you have to get up pretty early in the morning to catch me using a cliche . 
just benched 300 ( sat on a bench , watched " 300 " ) . 
let ' s face it , anyone named captain america should be overweight and have a porn addiction . 
babies are being named after " game of thrones " characters ? what parents would name a baby after a sword wielding , mythological character ? 
on sunday , pope francis declared two new saints . and i just want to say , andy and i are deeply honored . 
a new report said that a record number of middle - aged californians are moving back in with their parents . my mother told me about this story last night while she was tucking me in . 
today , in an interview , donald trump called donald sterling’s remarks disgusting and his girlfriend " a terrible human being . " trump then said , " that’s why i’ve asked them both join the next season of ' celebrity apprentice . ' " 
after the audio was released , the naacp decided not to honor donald sterling with a " lifetime achievement " award . instead they’re giving him the " reason we still need an naacp " award . 
it’s being reported that the girlfriend of donald sterling may have 100 more hours of his racist audio . or as rush limbaugh calls that , " a month’s worth of talk radio . " 
the la clippers staged a protest of their owner’s racist remarks by wearing their uniforms inside out . meanwhile , the la lakers have been wearing their uniforms inside out so no one would know they play for the lakers . 
a new high school in chicago will be named after president obama . it’s called " obama high , " which was also the president’s high school nickname . 
during a q & a with michelle obama , a young girl told the first lady her dad was looking for a job and handed her a copy of her father’s resume . the young girl was sasha obama . 
spanish scientists say they have discovered the oldest reproduction of jesus christ . it’s a selfie he took with larry king . 
a new study claims that during sex , 43% of men finish within two minutes . and one minute of that is apologizing . 
jamaica is reportedly close to passing a measure that would legalize marijuana . political analysts are calling it a " bold move that could change nothing . " 
the nba has banned donald sterling for life for his racist comments . you know if sterling has a problem with black people , maybe he should think about owning a hockey team . 
a porn website recently said it will plant a tree for every one hundred videos watched . a spokesperson for the website said , " our motto is : ' the more wood the better . ' " 
dallas mavericks owner mark cuban said he doesn’t think donald sterling should be kicked out of the league for comments made in private conversation . after hearing this , sterling said , " wow— this is the first time i’ve liked a cuban . " 
nba players had threatened to boycott if donald sterling wasn’t banned for life . in fact , the lakers are so upset , they’ve decided not to play for the rest of the season . 
scientists are saying that pig hearts may soon be transplanted into humans . which is good news for everyone except jewish and muslim people . 
in washington state , a man was arrested for drinking his own urine at a restaurant . even worse— after one sip , he sent it back . 
major league lacrosse is upset at jay - z because in one of his new lyrics , he calls the sport " soft . " meanwhile , rappers are upset that jay - z is now rapping about lacrosse . 
the colorado symphony orchestra announced it will play a series of " cannabis friendly " concerts . the first one is sunday and they’ll be playing beethoven’s 420 symphony . 
yesterday , democratic senator barbara boxer mistakenly called " 50 cent " a singing group . meanwhile , republican senators called " 50 cent " a fair hourly wage . 
clippers owner donald sterling has been banned for life from the nba . people are now wondering who the new clippers owner will be . all the nba has said so far is it’s definitely not anyone from " duck dynasty . " 
on the " today " show , matt lauer admitted that he’s never seen " star wars . " it was part of their new segment , " where in the world has matt lauer been for the past 37 years ? " 
in canada , a budweiser blimp has broken free and is on the loose . or maybe it’s rob ford . 
florida passed a bill that allows gun owners to carry concealed weapons during a state of emergency . by the way , a state of emergency in florida includes hurricanes , earthquakes , and living in florida . 
this week , kim kardashian and kanye west will hold a private wedding ceremony . the private wedding ceremony will be simulcast on e ! , tlc , and bravo . 
in canada , a man named donald popadick was arrested for indecent exposure . at least that’s according to the witness , jennifer youcallthatadick ? 
just saw a guy driving a tesla while wearing google glass and blaring daft punk . now that’s how you overcompensate . 
some doctors are now saying that viagra is being overprescribed . but , most women are saying , " no it is not . " 
a number of los angeles celebrities have said they’re interested in buying the clippers . meanwhile , the kardashian sisters said they just want to rent them for the night . 
according to reports chase bank is shutting down hundreds of bank accounts belonging to porn stars . the ceo of chase bank said , " we’d rather not handle their deposits . " 
toronto mayor rob ford has decided to take a leave of absence to seek help . specifically , what he’s seeking help with is " getting more crack . " 
after rumors surfaced of another video of him smoking crack , toronto mayor rob ford said he’s taking a leave of absence . of course , he’s earned it—the guy has been up since 2004 . 
ronald mcdonald has recently received a makeover , which includes a new vest and a bow tie . not to be outdone , after an operation , the burger king is now the burger queen . 
fhm has come out with its annual list of the 100 hottest women . or as leonardo dicaprio calls it , his " to do " list . 
a 15 - year - old boy has set the world record for solving a rubik’s cube with just one hand . the 15 - year - old is less proud of the record he set with his other hand . 
in ohio , a student took his great - grandmother to the prom because she never went to her own . also , he’s a loser . 
today is cinco de mayo , a day when mexico celebrates an important military victory . and for americans , it’s the day we celebrate the invention of the margarita . 
this weekend " spider - man 2 " earned $ 92 million at the box office . that makes it the fourth most successful " spider - man 2 . " 
in the antarctic , a massive ice shelf is melting , which in a few centuries , will leave florida underwater . but don’t worry—scientists are working hard to make sure that happens a lot sooner . 
over the weekend , kanye west and kim kardashian got married . during the ceremony , kim professed her undying love for kanye – i’m sorry , that was kanye who professed his undying love for kanye . 
vladimir putin has signed a new law banning the f - word from movies . so now , the russian version of " the wolf of wall street " is 8 seconds long . 
there’s a new trend of people using the " find my iphone " app to confront thieves who have stolen their iphone . this way , instead of just being a robbery victim , you can also be a murder victim . 
michelle obama’s brother has been fired as the basketball coach at oregon state . and , like most americans who lost their job , he blames obama . 
china has reportedly outlawed the consumption of endangered animal products , including tiger penis . this is great news for chinese children who are tired of being told they can’t have dessert till they finish their tiger penis . 
the supreme court has ruled that city council meetings may open with a prayer . especially if the city in question is detroit . 
a new report calls venezuela the most miserable country on earth . after hearing this , kim jong un said , " what do i have to do ? " 
in a new interview , hillary clinton said her guilty pleasure is eating chocolate . meanwhile , bill clinton said his guilty pleasure is being bill clinton . 
an airline will soon offer a first class cabin that includes a three - room suite and a private butler . this new airline is called not southwest . 
president obama hosted a cinco de mayo party at the white house . the party got so out of hand that the secretary of defense is now mario lopez . 
a florida man went to court for the right to marry his laptop computer . he said his laptop computer is just like a wife because whenever he brings it into bed , it freezes . 
monica lewinsky is in the new issue of " vanity fair , " talking about the bill clinton scandal . unfortunately , they decided to name the piece , " monica opens up . " 
there’s a new trend of people using " find my iphone " to confront thieves who have stolen their iphone . this explains the even newer app called , " find my stupid friend who went after the criminal who stole his iphone . " 
yesterday on " the voice , " adam levine cursed out his fellow judges for mocking his new hair style . in a related story , nbc has officially changed the name of " the voice " to " the 7th grade girls ' bathroom . " 
in a recent interview , jessica alba said she doesn’t do nude scenes because she doesn’t want her grandparents to see her boobs . now jessica alba’s grandparents are receiving death threats . 
at a recent concert , miley cyrus told her fans to smoke weed and kiss members of the same sex . i wonder if she’ll ever break out of the disney mold . 
president obama is in los angeles today . so quick everyone , act busy ! 
today , toronto mayor rob ford said " rehab is amazing . " ford said , " i love it so much , i’m going to do this every year . " 
in a new biography , michael jordan says that as a kid , he saw so much racism that he began to hate " all white people . " jordan said he only started to feel compassion for white people after watching them play basketball . 
nintendo is refusing to allow players in a new life simulation video game to make their avatars gay . they’re also canceling their popular " super mario " spinoff , " super mario : roommates . " 
the stock price for whole foods has plummeted by 20% . that’s a drop of $ 9 , or the price of one grape at whole foods . 
a new report found that more 19 - year - old women are having sex , but fewer of them are getting pregnant . which explains why , today , george clooney broke off his engagement . 
in a recent interview , larry king said he’s glad to be hosting two shows online . then someone told larry that one of those shows was technically just his reflection in the microwave door . 
this week is " international clitoris awareness week . " like most men , i was unaware this week even existed . 
a new study is saying that women married to men with large penises are more likely to cheat . in other words , you’re looking at a very happily married man . 
astronomers say they have found a planet with an 8 - hour day . even more surprising , at least 6 hours of that day are wasted on facebook . 
on mother’s day , moms can eat for free at hooters . because there ' s no better way to honor your mother than to take her to a sexist restaurant and not pay for anything . 
according to a study , the most common present given on mother’s day is a gift card for a massage . it’s the perfect gift for the mother who wants to be touched by anyone but your dad . 
a new report says that global warming could cause boston to end up completely underwater . bostonians said , " we’re okay with that as long as happens when the yankees are in town . " 
in new hampshire , it’s been ruled that a man has the right to keep his license plate that says , " cops lie . " the man also has the right to get pulled over 18 times a day . 
there is now an app that will choose something random for you to watch on netflix . the app is called " your girlfriend . " 
a man got a tattoo on his leg of kfc double down sandwich . the man wanted to do something he’d regret even more than eating a kfc double down sandwich . 
on a flight to vegas , flight attendants handcuffed a woman who they caught joining the mile high club . in other words , her plan worked perfectly . 
kim kardashian announced that she and kanye are not yet married because they are working on their prenup . apparently , both sides are fighting over whether the marriage should last 3 months or 4 months . 
for mother’s day i’m giving my wife the one thing she wants from me : space . 
several of the women on my staff call me " creeper . " this is a minecraft thing , right ? 
most people don’t know that the " s " in harry s . truman stood for " sharktopus . " 
i generally don’t condone grave robbing , but sometimes a guy just needs a new pair of shoes . 
happy cinco de mayo ! if your mariachi band didn’t book a gig today , you may want to explore new management . 
april showers bring may flowers and mayflowers bring small pox . 
after being drafted by the st . louis rams , michael sam celebrated by kissing his boyfriend . this is historic because it’s the first time anyone has celebrated being drafted by the st . louis rams . 
some nfl players criticized michael sam for kissing his boyfriend after getting drafted . apparently nfl players aren’t supposed to be in a gay relationship until they’re sent to prison . 
some nfl players criticized drafting michael sam , saying it would change the nfl . it makes sense because men who play for teams with names like the packers , the rams and the bears don’t want to be associated with anything that seems gay . 
at an event in los angeles last week , kim kardashian was told she would not be able to meet president obama . however , she continues to receive repeated offers to meet with president clinton . 
dr . dre may become the world’s first hip - hop billionaire . so maybe my mom was right—i should’ve become a doctor . 
in colorado , a man was accidentally released from prison 90 years too soon . in a related story , everyone in colorado is high . 
carrie fisher has reportedly lost 40 pounds for the upcoming star wars movie . and chewbacca got a full brazilian wax . 
kim kardashian’s daughter north has reportedly said her first word— " dada . " supposedly , she’s also been calling bruce jenner “grandma . ” 
over the weekend , the chicago cubs lost their 10 , 000th game . the cubs said they don’t want fans to think about the 10 , 000th games their team has lost , but to focus on the 100 games they’ve won . 
this past quarter , the us postal service had a $ 2 billion loss . apparently the post office lost all that money because it’s been sending everything fedex . 
ikea announced it will turn its first store into a museum . it will be called the metropolitan museum of things that break after two years . 
in north dakota , a woman gave birth in a wal - mart parking lot . which is surprising since you usually find labor at a home depot parking lot . 
on mother’s day , eminem released a music video for a song which is a public apology to his mother . no word yet on whether or not eminem’s mother enjoyed the song , " sorry i didn’t call , bitch . " 
some republicans are taking aim at hillary clinton ' s age saying she’ll be almost 70 when she runs . republicans said , " being old and white is our thing ! " 
an optometrist is saying google glass can cause sharp eye pain . especially when people see you wearing it and punch your face in . 
at the billboard music awards there was a performance by a hologram of michael jackson . some people felt the hologram didn’t look like the real michael jackson . others say michael jackson didn’t look like the real michael jackson . 
gay marriage became legal in oregon . even more amazing , in portland , it ' s mandatory . 
the us is accusing chinese military officials of spying . when asked why they did it , the chinese officials said , " it’s payback for all the times your students cheated off the asian kid . " 
in new hampshire a police commissioner who called president obama a racial slur has resigned . he’s also publicly apologized to new hampshire’s entire black community , a guy named " steve . " 
a man from houston is attempting to visit all the starbucks locations in the world . it ' s been four years since he started and he still hasn ' t left houston . 
the new trend announced by the tv networks for this season is " must - see live events . " which is why tonight , my show’s going to feature a wedding , two childbirths , and six murders . 
rush limbaugh has written an award - winning children ' s book . the book is called , " the lion , the witch and other things i saw while i was on oxycontin . " 
a woman in iowa claims she found marijuana in her mcdonald’s burger . which explains why , right after eating the burger , she went right to taco bell . 
at a red carpet event in cannes , a journalist from ukraine crawled underneath actress america ferrera ' s dress . today he apologized and said he was just trying to sneak in to america . 
a new report claims that self - driving cars will be on the road by 2030 . so by 2030 , wherever we’re going , we’re going to be drunk when we get there . 
a japanese company unveiled a robot that can tell jokes and then detect if the joke was well received . in a related story , i start my shift at quiznos tomorrow . 
a high school girl has invited joe biden to be her prom date . however , her father is refusing to let her go with a guy who can ' t really describe what he does for a living . 
joe biden said he couldn’t go to the prom but he did invite the girl to come to the white house to meet him in person . when he heard , bill clinton said , " that’s how it starts . " 
the nba has officially charged donald sterling with damaging the league and its players . if found guilty sterling could be sentenced to " 5 to 10 instagrams with black people . " 
after a judge’s ruling , gay marriage is now legal in pennsylvania . so today , a lot of amish men were raising something other than a barn . 
" wheel of fortune " host , pat sajak , posted several tweets mocking people who believe in global warming . the tweet was hard to understand because sajak didn’t buy any vowels . 
this week is the 40th anniversary of the rubik’s cube . if you kids don’t know what a rubik’s cube is , it’s what people used to stare at to avoid human interaction before cell phones . 
medical researchers now say dogs can sniff out prostate cancer . so finally . . . now we know what they’re doing down there . 
a new study of online dating profiles says that men have success when they use the phrase " physically fit . " and women have success when they use the phrase , " i ' m a woman . " 
the fbi has reversed its policy and will now hire people who have smoked pot in the past three years . when asked why , the fbi said , " because we couldn’t find anyone who hasn’t smoked pot in the last three years . " 
in houston a man is suing a stripper to get his " harry potter " dvds back . i say the man got what he deserves for going to a strip club and making it rain " harry potter " dvds . 
" wheel of fortune " host pat sajak mocked people who believe in global warming . in response , climate scientists told sajak they’d like to buy an " f " and a " u . " 
in iran , six people were arrested for dancing to pharrell williams’ song " happy . " iran’s chief of police said , " it isn’t for religious reasons , i’m just so sick of that song . " 
in nashville , a woman named peyton manning was arrested for possession of cocaine . either that , or the football player peyton manning really likes to switch thing up in the off season . 
in japan , a college named kinki university has decided to change its name . they went with the less controversial university of freak in the sheets . 
in a new interview , angelina jolie said she wouldn ' t rule out running for office someday . jolie said she’ll wait until her children are grown up and make up 51% of the voting population . 
a cop in new jersey has been removed from duty after he was caught masturbating in a starbucks . he’s also been banned from starbucks for making his own froth . 
a recent study finds that laughing can help you get pregnant . which is why i’m known as the " condom of comedy . " 
it’s been reported that beyoncé gets paid $ 100 , 000 just to sit in the front row of a fashion show . meanwhile , her sister solange is getting paid that amount by jay - z to " take the stairs . " 
trader joe ' s has recalled thousands of pounds of hummus . the story was reported in this morning’s " emergency news for white people . " 
this week , " the price is right " fans were upset when the show was interrupted by a speech from president obama . which is why today , it was reported that obama’s approval rating has " come on down ! " 
the white house website has a feature where you can go on a virtual tour of the white house . so far the most popular destinations are the lincoln bedroom , the bill clinton bedroom and the hillary clinton bedroom . 
in a new interview about the donald sterling scandal , dallas mavericks owner mark cuban said , " i know i’m prejudiced , too . " in fact , cuban admitted he’s so racist , he’s trying to have his last name deported . 
a woman got a dui while driving a car that belongs to toronto mayor rob ford . so i’m starting to think maybe it’s the car that has the problem . 
the manager of mexico’s world cup team has banned them from having sex during the cup . when he said this , the players called him an " asshooooooooal ! ! ! ! " 
here is my one sentence , all - purpose commencement speech : now get out there and do stuff until you die . 
the spurs have the best team / lamest name ratio since the davenport shoelaces . 
the next " jurassic park " movie should take place on an island where they’ve revived a working blockbuster video . 
overheard tom brady brag that he just had a brazilian who ' d just had a brazilian . 
my starbucks name is dirtier than my porn name . 
i’m being blackmailed by my mistress . she’s threatening to tell everyone we only get together to play jenga . 
" game of thrones " spoiler alert : last night ' s episode contained violence and some nudity . 
in texas , a family was attacked by a swarm of bees in a town called beeville . the family said they’re fed up with beeville , and are moving to wolfetown . 
a porn star announced she is running against toronto mayor rob ford in the upcoming election . she’s already been endorsed by rob ford . 
apple announced a new feature that will let your iphone track your health and monitor your diet . or you can pay extra for an iphone that minds its own friggin’ business . 
the los angeles kings won in overtime to advance to the stanley cup finals . when they heard the news , people in la ran into the street and started shouting , " what’s hockey ? ! " 
president obama says his dream is to take a stroll by himself away from the white house . after hearing this , bill clinton said , " i should have told him about my secret tunnel . " 
over the weekend , donald sterling visited an african - american church . in a related story , donald sterling is missing . 
the chinese government has banned the use of google . an official from the chinese government said , " google reads people’s emails and tracks their movement , and that’s our thing ! " 
spain’s king juan carlos has stepped down from the throne to make way for his son , who’s more popular . which would be the worst " game of thrones " episode ever . 
using advanced facial recognition software , the nsa is collecting millions of images of people ' s faces a day . and that’s just to keep up with bruce jenner . 
a new study found that people who watch a lot of porn have smaller brains . so now we know why the plots are always so simple . 
according to a new poll , donald sterling has just passed justin bieber as the most hated man in america . when he heard this , justin bieber was thrilled that he’s finally being considered a man . 
during a recent mass , pope francis said that married people should have more kids . when asked for comment , married people said the pope should " have a kid , and then get back to us . " 
there’s reportedly a film in the works about edward snowden . then , today , the script was leaked by edward snowden . 
a new study shows that hurricanes named after women are more deadly . mainly because when they leave , they take half your stuff . 
in arizona , a republican named scott fistler changed his name to cesar chavez in hopes of getting more hispanic votes . today he was deported . 
nasa announced that they’ve figured out a way to put wireless internet on the moon . this is great news for astronauts working on their screenplays . 
a new report out of chicago reveals that the crime rate plummets during an nfl game . mainly because the most dangerous criminals are busy on the field . 
at a zoo in england , an elephant has taken the world’s first " elephant selfie . " either that , or someone just took the world’s biggest dick pic . 
thailand’s military leaders are warning protesters to stop making the three - fingered salute from " the hunger games . " and they’re giving orders to shoot on sight anyone who sings " let it go " from " frozen . " 
the co - founder of burt’s bees was forced out of the company for having an affair with an employee . he was caught during a sting operation . 
scientists at mit have created a suit that simulates the feeling of being an 80 - year - old man . unfortunately , the guy testing the suit has wandered off . 
in her new book , hillary clinton said she has " moved on " from the monica lewinsky scandal . for more , read bill clinton’s new book , " no , she hasn’t . " 
nasa has reportedly found a way to put wireless internet on the moon . so now the moon is identical to starbucks , except it costs less money to go to the moon . 
later this week , nasa is testing an aircraft that is shaped like a flying saucer and they’re sending it over hawaii . just for fun , nobody tell hawaii . 
prosecutors in the murder trial of former football star aaron hernandez are now saying his tattoos may be evidence of guilt . particularly the one on his forearm that says , " i killed that dude . " 
last week , a 13 - year - old girl became the youngest female to climb mount everest . she didn’t mean to , she was just texting her friend and the next thing she knew , she was at the top of mount everest . 
over the weekend , much of the cast of " jersey shore " reunited for jwoww ' s baby shower . and also because they heard there would be food and shelter . 
the co - founder of burt’s bees was forced out of the company for having an affair with an employee . he says everyone should mind their own beeswax . 
the co - founder of burt’s bees said he was forced out of the company for having an affair with an employee . in his defense , he was just trying to explain to her the story of the burts and the bees . 
the co - founder of burt’s bees says he was forced out of the company for having an affair with an employee . that explains the name of his new company , burt’s double d’s . 
justin bieber responded to an old video of him making a racist comment by posting a bible verse on instagram . then someone had to tell him that " bitches be trippin ' " is not a bible verse . 
donald sterling has agreed to sell the la clippers for $ 2 billion . let that be a lesson to you kids : if you make racist remarks to your mistress , you’ll get a check for $ 2 billion dollars . 
a japanese clothing company has been criticized for labeling its sizes " skinny , " " fat " and " jumbo . " after a huge outcry , they changed the sizes to " small , " " medium , " and " american . " 
the los angeles kings won game one of the stanley cup finals in overtime . fans in la went crazy after they heard about it this morning at work . 
when asked about criticism from former secretary of state hillary clinton , russian president vladimir putin said he doesn’t like to argue with women . putin is either being a misogynist , or , ladies , he’s the perfect catch . 
nasa has figured out a way to get wifi on the moon . finally , a safe place for married guys to watch porn . 
in california , a lawmaker is proposing a bill that would require college students to give written consent before having sex with each other . and you thought condoms were a mood killer . 
a new survey shows two - thirds of american adults pee in the ocean . so good news — maybe it’s not global warming that’s making the sea levels rise . 
50 cent is blaming his terrible first pitch at the met’s game last week on excessive masturbation . i just feel sorry for whoever caught the ball . 
scientists have found a 16 - foot shark they call the " colossal great white . " by the way , colossal great white used to be my porn name . 
this weekend , an australian man was arrested for driving a motorized beer cooler while intoxicated . the man was detained by police , and then made prime minister of australia . 
over the weekend , israel held its first ever burning man festival . of course in israel they call it , " oy , the heat ! " 
in north carolina , an obese man was caught hiding 40 bags of heroin in the folds of his stomach . something tells me he’s not on heroin . 
this week , hillary clinton launches the tour for her new book . when he heard , bill clinton said , " i am so proud of her , and what day exactly is she leaving on that tour ? " 
in a new interview , hillary clinton said that she and her husband were dead broke when they left the white house . hillary said things were so bad the two of them had to share a bedroom . 
scientists have developed a robot than can converse like a teenager . when the scientists unveiled the robot , it screamed " i hate you " and slammed the door to its room . 
the winner of the miss usa pageant is miss nevada and she has a black belt in tae kwon do . actually , she wasn’t technically the winner , but she made the winner give her the crown . 
in quebec , three inmates escaped a prison by helicopter . prison officials grew suspicious when they noticed the inmates building a helicopter . 
in spain , someone opened a 5 star resort for dogs . when asked how they heard about the resort , most dogs said , " yelp . " 
one of the top people in a mexican drug cartel is a woman who apparently looks exactly like kim kardashian . the only difference is the head of the drug cartel has a job and is less of a threat to america . 
donald sterling has reversed his decision to sell the clippers to the former ceo of microsoft . sterling said he changed his mind when he learned the microsoft paper clip guy was half black . 
the la kings are one game away from winning their second stanley cup in three years . in other cities when the hockey team wins the championship , rowdy fans overturn cars . in los angeles rowdy fans unplug cars . 
it’s been reported that since leaving the white house the clintons have made over $ 100 million dollars in speaking fees . apparently , they’ll speak to anyone but each other . 
in her new memoir , hillary clinton said the obama campaign wanted her to attack sarah palin . and so did her husband bill , but only because he loves a good catfight . 
if donald sterling gets his way , the deal will fall through and steve ballmer won’t be able to buy the clippers . when asked about it , the former microsoft ceo said , " it’s okay , i’m used to things freezing and then crashing . " 
a whole foods store in new york will start offering customers cocktails while they shop . it’s part of whole foods’ new slogan , " you’d have to be drunk to pay these prices . " 
this weekend , police caught a burglar because he was wearing the woman’s swimsuit that he stole . so now the man’s been imprisoned - and yet also , strangely freed . 
yesterday , texas senator ted cruz renounced his canadian citizenship . that’s right canada , we took ted cruz back , so now take back justin bieber . 
in new york city , four strippers were arrested for drugging wealthy men and running their credit cards for thousands of dollars . the sad part is that wealthy men may never be able to trust strippers again . 
ford is teaming up with heinz ketchup to make a car parts out of tomatoes . so it’s official , americans will put ketchup on anything . 
the spurs beat the heat in game 3 of the nba finals . people in la said , " that’s nice but this week we’re a ' hockey town . ' " 
for the second time in two days , president obama snuck out of the white house . after hearing about it , bill clinton said , " in my day we snuck people into the white house . " 
after the recent prisoner exchange , obama’s approval rating with americans has fallen to its lowest point so far . on the bright side , his approval rating with the taliban is through the roof . 
a tea party candidate won virginia’s republican primary mostly on his anti - immigration stance . his first plan is to change the state’s slogan from " virginia is for lovers , " to " virginia is for lovers who habla inglés . comprende ? " 
in a new statement , donald sterling calls the nba " hypocrites " and " despicable monsters . " which , by the way would be two amazing names for nba expansion teams . 
several teams have forbidden their players from having sex during the world cup . wow , so i guess during college i was technically a world cup soccer star . 
brazilian officials have asked all tourists not to fight or scream if they get mugged . they’ve also asked people to please not die if they get murdered . 
in florida , a couple has been accused of making meth in a public library . isn’t that crazy ? florida has a library ! 
experts say the us soccer team has a less than 1% chance of winning the world cup , and even their coach has said winning is not realistic . all of which sounds like one hell of a pre - game pep talk . 
since house majority leader eric cantor lost to an anti - immigration candidate , many republicans are feeling more pressure to take a harder stance on immigration . in fact , republicans are so paranoid , that today chris christie sent back his chimichanga . 
texas governor rick perry said being gay is like being an alcoholic . he said , " in both cases , you’re sipping something you shouldn’t . " 
former president george h . w . bush turned 90 today and celebrated by going skydiving . so if you include obama , there were two presidents in free - fall today . 
according to a new study , the number of car crashes linked to marijuana has risen . fortunately when the cars crashed , they were all going 8 miles per hour . 
a team of scientists has recreated a deadly virus resembling the 1918 spanish flu that killed 50 million people . this team of scientists is known as “a bunch of dicks . ” 
for father’s day , i’m going to bring a smile to my dad’s face by calling him and pretending to be one of my other brothers . 
guys named guy must hate it when people pronounce their name guy . 
world cup soccer in brazil : come for the action , stay because you’ve been murdered . 
reality check : i was around in 1973 and saw absolutely no signs of x - men from the future . 
scientists are developing a " super banana " that’s packed with more vitamins . in other words , they’ve stolen my pick - up line from college . 
a lot of world cup soccer players have been faking injuries to draw a penalty from the other team . meanwhile , a lot of americans have been faking following the world cup . 
pope francis has pledged to remain neutral during the world cup . when asked why , the pope said , " i picked the miami heat , and look how that turned out . " 
today , the la kings held a parade showing off the stanley cup . usually when thousands of people in los angeles are lined up to see a cup it’s at starbucks . 
this morning , mitt romney said that hillary clinton is " clueless . " when he heard , bill clinton said , " i wish . " 
a new poll shows bill clinton is the most admired president of the last 25 years . when asked for comment , bill clinton said , " i’ll give you a poll to admire . " 
president obama’s daughter malia has gotten her first summer job , working on a tv show . so things are about to get really awkward at " the o ' reilly factor . " 
former wwe legend pat patterson officially came out on a wrestling tv show as gay . his fellow wrestlers said they suspected something when patterson unveiled his signature move , " the jazz hands of death . " 
last night , 7 million people watched the " game of thrones " season finale . to break that down for you , that’s one viewer per " game of thrones " character . 
several protesters at the world cup got into trouble for burning american flags . it’s a shame , because children in china worked very hard to make those flags . 
this weekend in california , a man used a fake gun to rob a real gun store . nobody was hurt , but everyone was embarrassed . 
justin bieber posted a picture of himself on instagram with chris brown . when asked if he’s worried about hanging around with such a bad influence , chris brown said , " not really . " 
today in the world cup , mexico played brazil . i was torn because i love mexican food , but i also just got a brazilian . 
today , mexico and brazil ended in a zero zero tie – fun fact , both teams were ordered by their coaches to abstain from sex . in other words , these guys can’t score on or off the field . 
yesterday , iranian president hassan rouhani tweeted a picture of himself all alone watching the world cup game on television . then , he watched his favorite show , " it’s always sunni in philadelphia . " 
at the la kings rally yesterday , los angeles mayor eric garcetti dropped the f - bomb . the mayor of new york was angry and said , “first they steal our stanley cup , then our favorite word . ” 
this morning , the pentagon announced that the united states has captured a leader responsible for the benghazi attacks . republicans were ecstatic , and said , " so they finally got hillary . " 
starbucks announced it’s going to make it possible for thousands of its employees to go to college . the ceo said , " there’s nothing like a 4 - year liberal arts degree to ensure they’ll end up back here working at starbucks . " 
in alabama , an appeals court overturned the state ' s ban on gay sex . when they heard the news , gay people said , " thanks , but we ' re still not moving to alabama . " 
amazon introduced its own smartphone . you can tell it’s from amazon because after you hang up with someone , the amazon phone suggests other people you may want to call . 
president obama’s approval rating in the us is at its lowest point ever , 41% . after hearing this , the president said , " when did i become less popular in this country than soccer ? " 
melanie griffith has erased her antonio banderas tattoo . so she and i no longer have that in common . 
hillary clinton was asked if she would ever smoke pot if it became legal and she said , " i didn’t do it when i was young and i’m not going to start now . " bill clinton said , “that’s her standard answer for everything . ” 
the u . s . vs . ghana world cup game drew a record 15 . 9 million american viewers . this breaks the old record of americans watching soccer by 15 . 8 million viewers . 
match . com is charging $ 5 , 000 . 00 to set you up with someone who looks like your ex . and you wouldn’t believe how many guys on match . com once dated kate upton . 
in croatia at an animal sanctuary , two bears have been engaging in oral sex . zookeepers got them to stop by making the bears get married . 
jeopardy host alex trebek set the guinness world record for hosting the most episodes of a game show ever . trebek responded to the news by saying , " what is ' eat me , sajak ? ' " 
mike " the situation " sorrentino was arrested for getting in a fight with his brother at a tanning salon . this marks a disturbing trend in orange - on - orange violence . 
in fresno , california , a man was found to be running a meth lab at a retirement community . or as he was known to residents , " the guy who stays up until 8 . " 
boxing champ floyd mayweather posted on his instagram that a half dressed woman is “asking to be disrespected . ” this from a guy who wears only shorts to work . 
this weekend in oklahoma , authorities arrested a man for masturbating at a wal - mart . now that’s what i call a greeter who’s really glad to see you . 
the fda is approving a device that tells you when you ' ve had enough to eat . the device is called " a belt . " 
during the world cup this weekend , honduras scored a goal for the first time in 32 years . by the way , in soccer , going 32 years without scoring is known as " pulling a conan . " 
in a new interview , sting said he won’t be leaving his kids any money in his will . sting’s kids said they’d like to sue their dad , but they don’t know his last name . 
after a tie with portugal , the us soccer team now faces germany on thursday . if the us team beats germany , they advance , and if they lose , americans go back to hating soccer . 
president obama said he wants his daughters to work minimum wage jobs because it builds character . the president then announced he’ll be raising the minimum wage to $ 50 an hour . 
today , vice president joe biden called himself " the poorest man in congress . " usually in washington when you hear , " that poor guy , " it refers to the person stuck in a conversation with joe biden . 
starbucks introduced new decaf soda today , it comes in three flavors : spiced root beer , golden ginger ale and lemon ale . it comes in three sizes : grande , venti and " can i have the bathroom key ? " 
over the weekend , the pope implied that the mafia should be excommunicated . in a related story , the pope is missing . 
in texas , a day care center is being accused of duct - taping children to their mats for nap time . parents were outraged and also wanted to know if it worked . 
a new study found that one night stands are not emotionally harmful to some people . those people are called " men . " 
a new study reveals women are attracted to a man who’s already had a girlfriend or two . coincidentally , men are also attracted to a woman who’s had a girlfriend or two . 
the nasa mars rover celebrated being on mars for an entire year by snapping a selfie . if it makes it another year , the rover has promised a dick pic . 
in the world cup match today , uruguay’s luis suarez bit a player from italy ' s team , and it’s the third time he’s done it . in fact , last time , he bit a chinese player , then claimed he was hungry an hour later . 
political analysts are saying hillary clinton should stop telling people she’s poor . and bill clinton should stop telling people he’s single . 
yesterday , michelle obama says she wants americans to elect a woman president " as soon as possible . " man , so even she’s had enough of president obama . 
yesterday , starbucks introduced their new decaf soda , called fizzio . " fizzio " is an italian word that means , " tastes okay , costs too much . " 
this week , queen elizabeth visited the set of " games of thrones . " unfortunately , she joined in on one of the nude scenes . 
floating in another galaxy , scientists have found a diamond the size of earth . in a related story , beyoncé is building a spaceship . 
there’s a us soccer fan in brazil getting some attention for dressing up like teddy roosevelt and going by the name teddy goalsevelt . much less popular is germany’s # 1 soccer fan , adolf kickler . 
after finishing in last place , england was knocked out of the world cup . it’s the most english people wiped out at one time since the last episode of game of thrones . 
both the us and german teams have very good goalies , so many are predicting a very low scoring game . so don’t expect to see one of those 1 - 0 blowouts . 
the official 2014 world cup anthem is " we will find a way . " it narrowly beat out the other potential anthem , " i feel someone’s teeth in my shoulder . " 
luis suárez , the uruguayan world cup player who bit an opponent , may get a two - year ban from the game . on the plus side , he has just signed a million - dollar endorsement deal with rabies . 
a judge has ordered the government to tell people why they’ve been put on the no - fly list . and , they have to give a better reason than " you look a little taliban - y . " 
a top green beret was forced to resign after he admitted to having an affair with a reporter while serving in afghanistan . in happier news , the green beret and wolf blitzer will marry in the fall . 
in new york , a boat crashed because its captain was busy having a threesome . by the way , the boat’s name is , " the s . s . totally worth it . " 
fifa has announced that luis suárez , the player who bit an opponent , will be banned for 9 games . or as suárez put it , 9 meals . 
the us lost to germany today , but because fifa rules dictate that teams get one point for a tie , three points for a win and zero points for a loss , and both the us and portugal had a score of four… and because the us team had a higher goal differential , the us still advances . and that , ladies and gentlemen , in a nutshell , is why americans don’t follow soccer . 
ever since colorado legalized marijuana , the number of pot duis has nearly doubled . even worse , when patrolmen ask " do you know how fast you were driving ? " the person usually answers , " i was driving ? " 
newly revealed video shows a fox news anchor at an airport becoming belligerent and fighting with cops . or as that’s known at fox news , " an audition tape . " 
he’s going to be okay , but a man walked into a mcdonald ' s in new york city with a knife in his back . doctors say the man’s heart wasn’t in danger until he ordered the food . when asked if he wanted fries , he said " no thanks , i’m trying to cut back . " 
lindsay lohan is going to be making her stage debut in london . lohan is looking forward to england , because she already drives on the wrong side of the road . 
optimists own garbage cans . pessimists own garbage can’ts . 
i hope the new " scooby - doo " reboot is a dark , gritty exploration of scooby ' s homicidal anger towards scrappy - doo . 
it’s hard to believe that los angeles was settled in 1956 by the dutch . 
i’m halfway through hillary clinton’s book . i don’t want to ruin the ending but i bet she kills this guy “bill . " 
a tie score doesn ' t feel right . who do i taunt ? 
grover norquist wants to rename the redskins , the " washington reagans . " so they’ll at least be able to beat grenada . 
still no luck starting this new scooter powered exclusively by kanye west’s humility . 
i buy all my flags on july 5th . 
i ' m going to miss the world cup when it ' s over . it ' ll be hard to go into a bar & not hear people yelling about something i don ' t understand . 
my kids have really been inspired by this year ' s world cup . my son just bit our dog . 
ikea is giving its us workers a raise . the ceo said , " we want ikea workers to stick around longer than ikea products . " 
just read an alarming statistic : by the age of four , the average child has already seen over 3 , 000 hours of geico commercials . 
don ' t watch " the 4th of julie " , it is not about our country ' s independence . deleting browser history now . 
sure , the silver surfer is a cool comic book character , but i prefer the pewter boogie boarder . 
i always thought that " irish step dancing " should be called " irish , stop dancing . " 
i’m having martial problems . that’s not a typo , i have trouble conducting myself properly during wartime . 
scientists have developed a robot specifically to write jewish torah scrolls . you can see the whole story in the upcoming movie , " schwartz circuit . " 
this weekend , " dawn of the planet of the apes " was the # 1 movie at the box office . in other talking ape news , bravo has renewed " the real housewives of new jersey . " 
in a speech , pope francis suggested the catholic church may change its policy on priestly celibacy . so soon , priests may be shouting god’s name at work and at home . 
germany is considering going back to using typewriters to avoid being spied on . it’s never good news when germany says , " we’re going to go back to our old ways . " 
according to a new book , michelle obama’s nickname for hillary clinton is " hildebeest . " the book also says her nickname for joe biden is , " oh sh * * , here comes joe biden . " 
in new york , a man spent $ 500 , 000 to turn his basement into a replica of the enterprise bridge from " star trek . " after that , he’s going to build a replica of a woman . 
this weekend , a baltimore ravens cornerback became the fifth raven to be arrested this off - season . on the upside , the baltimore state prison is about to have one hell of a football team . 
khloe kardashian’s ex - husband , lamar odom , has been cut from the new york knicks . it’s the second time this year lamar has gotten dumped by a big loser . 
scientists revealed that an apple a day could improve a woman’s sexual satisfaction . apparently the scientists have never heard of something called , " a banana . " 
in delaware , a couple was arrested for having sex on the roof of a chipotle . a spokesman for chipotle said , " that’s not what we meant by ‘choose your own filling . ' " 
now that marijuana is legal in washington state , a new service is offering to deliver it to your home . their motto is , " if it’s not there in 30 minutes… i mean , like , what is time anyway , dude ? " 
according to a dating app , amazon employees are more desirable than employees at other tech companies . plus , if you sleep with one , they’ll recommend someone else you might also like sleeping with . 
to avoid being spied on by the nsa , germany is considering using typewriters to communicate . germany says they may even go further back , and start using aol accounts . 
in an interview , pope francis suggested that the catholic church may allow priests to marry . he said , " if there’s one thing that helps people stay celibate , it’s being married . " 
a fox news host is under fire for using an offensive term towards chinese people . it didn’t help that in his defense he said , " me play joke . " 
authorities at the airport in los angeles intercepted an illegal shipment of 67 live giant african snails . it is being called the world’s slowest perp walk . 
kim kardashian has a new iphone app that experts say could make her $ 200 million dollars this year . but keep in mind she has to give 10% to her agent , 10% to her manager , and 10% to satan . 
the u . s . census bureau has found that only 1 . 6% of adults identify themselves as gay . in other words , there are a lot of straight guys out there doing a lot of really gay stuff . 
a major wildfire in northern california is being blamed on marijuana farmers . everyone in the region is really angry about it , unless they’re downwind . 
tonight pbs is airing a show that explores the sex lives of kangaroos . the show is called , " that’s not my pouch . " 
there’s currently a petition to split california into several states . among the new states would be botoxia , pornsylvania , and the commonwealth of kardashia . 
because of the severity of the drought in california , all water - wasting activity is going to be banned by august 1st . that’s right , the drought is so bad we’re taking extreme measures in two weeks . 
some people are critical of hillary clinton’s speaking fee . the university of buffalo reportedly paid hillary clinton $ 275 , 000 to speak . and apparently , joe biden got $ 300 , 000 not to speak . 
in a new interview , dick cheney said he thinks barack obama may be the worst president of his lifetime . then today , cheney got a thank you note from jimmy carter . 
starbucks is opening its first stores in the nation of colombia . finally someone is bringing coffee to colombia . 
yesterday in seattle , a man set his home on fire trying to kill a spider with a can of spray paint and a lighter . on the bright side , the spider is definitely dead . 
last night pbs aired a show that explores the sex lives of kangaroos . the show is called , " two in the pouch , one in the ouch . " 
good news — a new study confirms that , contrary to popular belief , humans use more than 10% of their brains . bad news — we use it to watch " duck dynasty . " 
lady gaga agreed to make a $ 250 , 000 donation to assist california drought relief . gaga also agreed to stop watering her hats . 
the new york times reported that rupert murdoch is determined to buy time warner , the company i work for , which means it’s possible i could soon be working for fox . i have no idea if this is going to happen , but just to be safe , i think president obama is a socialist from kenya . 
many people are criticizing the new airbnb logo for resembling a vagina . it doesn’t help that airbnb’s new slogan is , " want a warm place to stay ? " 
hostess is bringing back the chocolate covered twinkie . anyone looking to eat healthy should just stick to the regular twinkie . 
the u . s . census bureau found that only 7% of americans identify themselves as bisexual . this is shocking news to anyone who watches porn . 
not sure i’m on board with the idea of " 6 californias . " but i am very interested in the idea of 35 rhode islands . 
in recent speeches , president obama has been calling on americans to stop being so cynical . he’s probably getting paid to say that . 
dawn of the planet of the apes has some pretty crass product placement , especially the scene where the apes start wearing skechers . 
the storyline of the upcoming " star wars " movie has been leaked . the movie starts with r2 - d2 , chewbacca and han solo waking up in vegas . 
nsa whistleblower edward snowden says that the military often shared nude photos that americans had sexted to one another . so if your girlfriend won’t send you naked pictures , just tell her , " do it for the troops . " 
officials are concerned that people in los angeles are too apathetic about the drought . of course that’ll change next week when they announce the drought is killing all the marijuana crops . 
the company that owns six flags amusement parks has suffered a nearly 10% drop in revenue . as the drop began , six flags stockholders raised their arms and started screaming . 
in a new interview , bill clinton said he doesn’t know if his wife is going to run for president . clinton said , " i don’t know what she’s up to and thank god she doesn’t know what i’m up to . " 
scientists have invented a cheese that even vegans can eat . now scientists are working on inventing a vegan who doesn’t ask the waiter a million questions . 
it’s been announced that in the new fox series " gotham , " batman will not appear . however , there will be a lot of scenes of robin saying , " guys , i swear he’ll be here any minute . . . " 
the chicago cubs are suing a person responsible for a fake cubs mascot that got into a bar fight . the cubs knew it wasn’t their official mascot because it actually won the fight . 
the new iphone is expected to have a larger screen and a better operating system . the new iphone will be called , " last year’s samsung galaxy . " 
john boehner is blaming president obama for the border crisis . boehner is also blaming obama for global warming , tensions in the middle east and the latest " transformers " movie . 
this drought is getting really bad . today at lunch , my waiter asked if i wanted a glass of water or a future for my children . 
in a recent interview a professor from uc berkley said we are on track for having the worst drought in 500 years . which explains why larry king was overheard saying , " this again . " 
due to the drought , officials are urging people in california to take common - sense measures like showering less . however , they might change their minds on that after this weekend’s comic - con . 
kfc and mcdonalds apologized after their meat suppliers were videotaped packaging meat that had fallen on the floor . both restaurants pledged to stop buying meat from the company known as " the five second rule ranch . " 
netflix is testing a new feature that will allow you to hide what you’ve been watching . you just click the button that says , " i want to stay married . " 
a 105 - year - old woman threw out the first pitch at sunday ' s game between the new york mets & the san diego padres . then , the mets brought her in for the 8th inning . 
here in southern california , a woman caught shoplifting at a macy’s fought with security guards and ran off topless . there were plenty of witnesses but no one got a look at her face . 
the author of the book " fight club " announced he’s coming out with a sequel . unfortunately , he won’t talk about it . 
according to a poll , about a third of couples who attend comic - con met there . and the most common pick up line they used was , " your parents basement or mine ? " 
new york governor andrew cuomo is being accused of ethics violations . if the charges prove true , the governor of new york would be forced to step down and become the governor of new jersey . 
the crocs company is in such financial trouble , they’re closing dozens of stores . of course here’s another idea to help them out : " stop making crocs . " 
scientists say chances are good that the california drought will continue into the next year . or as we say here in hollywood , it’s been renewed for another season . 
tomorrow is the start of comic - con . you can tell because san diego prostitutes are holding up signs advertising a " first timer special . " 
president obama is in los angeles today for a fundraising tour . i don’t want to say traffic is bad , but right now i’m actually stuck on the freeway , skyping this show from my car . 
a new investigation found that people are using fake ids to sign up for obamacare . i ' m sorry , but today ' s teenagers do not know how to party . 
in florida , a couple was arrested for having sex on a beach for 25 minutes in front of dozens of witnesses . that’s crazy : you can’t have sex for 25 minutes . 
a new study shows you need 7 hours of sleep a night , not 8 , as previously thought . which means my parents no longer have an excuse for not watching my show . 
snoop lion claimed that he once smoked pot in the white house . then his friends told him that wasn’t the white house , it was a white castle with an american flag . 
jim bob and michelle duggar , the parents from " 19 kids and counting , " are having their 30th wedding anniversary . they’re planning to celebrate with a romantic dinner , a moonlit walk , and , god willing , a condom . 
" orange is the new black " has helped usher in a new tv trend called binge - watching . this blends nicely with another popular trend in america : unemployment . 
people asked me how i was able to get the cast of " orange is the new black " to come to the show . well , it wasn’t easy - it cost me 200 cigarettes and a tampon . 
tonight we have the cast of " orange is the new black . " coincidentally , " orange is the new black " was the pick - up line i used in college . 
for those of you who don’t know , " orange is the new black " features a cast of ruthless women who are constantly at each other’s throats - and for once , i’m not talking about " the view . " 
" orange is the new black " is not the first show i’ve watched about a women’s prison . however , it is the first show about a women’s prison i didn’t have to delete from my browser history . 
the us army has redesigned its camouflage uniforms . the announcement was made today by a floating head . 
yesterday was president obama’s 53rd birthday . he made a wish , blew out the candles on his cake , and then said , " damn , i’m still president . " his age is now higher than his approval rating . 
plans are being made for a big birthday party next month for chris christie . the fun part is when they surprise christie by having a cake burst out of a stripper . 
in a recent statement , president obama said russia is a country that " doesn’t make anything . " vladimir putin said , " that’s not true , we’re making the ukraine into russia . " 
a republican congressman has accused democrats of waging a " war on whites . " as proof , he pointed to the recent bombing of the kale aisle of a trader joe’s . 
scrabble is adding 5 , 000 new words , including words like chillax and selfie . so , kids , there’s never been a better time to challenge your grandparents to a game of scrabble . 
linkedin has agreed to pay a $ 6 million settlement to employees . unfortunately , the employees haven’t heard about it , because like everyone else , they automatically delete all emails from linkedin . 
some mcdonald ' s drive - thrus are guaranteeing orders in 60 - seconds or less . this is great news for anyone in a real hurry to get the wrong order . 
in north carolina , a restaurant owner is giving diners a 15% discount if they pray before eating . not because he’s religious , but because he failed his health inspection . 
this week , a giant tortoise was on the loose here in southern california . drivers on the freeway were shocked to see something moving so quickly . 
uber has announced a new service where you carpool with strangers . it’s a cutting edge new technology called , " taking the bus . " 
rupert murdoch has decided not to buy the company i work for , time warner . in other words , he watched last night’s show . 
the pope came out with 10 tips for happiness . surprisingly , number eight was jell - o shots . 
a russian crime ring has stolen 1 . 2 billion passwords . but don’t worry , all 1 . 2 billion passwords were stolen from one guy who watches a lot of porn . 
first lady michelle obama and former first lady laura bush came together today to promote education . mrs . obama called for educating girls in the developing world , while mrs . bush said she’d settle for " educating my husband . " 
according to a new survey , 50% of people believe robots will actually create more jobs in the long run . when they heard this , robots said , " oh good – they’re buying it . " 
the san antonio spurs have made history by becoming the first team in the nba to hire a female assistant coach . she’s the first woman to get close to that many nba players without being a kardashian . 
today it was announced that israel and hamas have begun " indirect negotiations " to reduce hostilities . or as we used to call that at the o’brien home , " thanksgiving . " 
yesterday , photos were leaked of the dallas cowboys owner , 71 - year - old jerry jones , with two much younger women . the photos were leaked by jerry jones . 
recently , nasa has been running tests to see how well google glass will work in space . it’s all part of nasa’s plan to put a douchebag on the moon . 
a russian man has repelled a bear attack by playing his justin bieber ringtone . the man’s okay , but the bear is in critical condition . 
a man set a new guinness world record by solving five rubik’s cubes in one minute and 18 seconds underwater . the previous record was held by nobody . 
according to a new survey , teenagers believe the five most influential americans are all youtube stars . so , in other words , we’re about 15 years away from our president being a guy who gets hit in the balls with a skateboard . 
still no listeners for my new podcast about all my favorite podcasts . 
i named my dog " spot . " it doesn’t sound hip but it’s short for " spotify . " 
today , a historian told me the real sam adams never actually brewed a blueberry oatmeal summer stout . 
if you’re wondering what i was like in college , one time i had a pregnancy scare with my pillow . 
60% of americans say they believe the nation is in a state of decline . the other 40% didn’t know what " decline " meant . 
to anyone in that russian crime ring that stole all those passwords : can you help me get into my pinterest account ? 
hillary clinton has been calling president obama ' s foreign policy a " failure . " so she either wants to be president , or a fox news anchor . 
one month into legally selling marijuana , washington state has sold more than $ 3 . 8 million worth of weed . now if they could just remember where they put the money . 
a political analyst called hillary clinton ' s recent comments on the middle east , " very provocative . " when asked for comment , bill clinton said , " you just ruined the word ' provocative ' for me . " 
in a new survey , united was named america’s worst airline . or as united was trying to spin it today , " america’s fastest bus service . " 
the us postal service has lost $ 2 billion this spring . postal officials are busy emailing each other wondering how this could happen . 
this weekend , new york hosted the 25th annual scrabble championship . the scrabble champion gets their choice of $ 100 , 000 – or the touch of another human being . 
yesterday , dallas cowboys owner , jerry jones , said that racy photos of him with strippers have " misrepresented " him . jones said , " i’m not usually that happy . " 
a recent study reveals women prefer a penis that is proportional to body size . another study says , most women define " proportional , " as " way bigger . " 
yesterday , bruce jenner was pulled over for speeding . the cops gave jenner a ticket , because his current face doesn’t match his driver’s license photo . 
the creators of siri are working on a new digital assistant that will make up for siri’s shortcomings , named viv . before you dump siri for viv , just remember , siri still has all your dick pics . 
the kardashians were robbed , and now they are refusing to air the new season of " keeping up with the kardashians " until the police find who robbed them . which explains why today , the police stopped looking . 
since january , colorado has made nearly $ 30 million in taxes from marijuana sales . that’s in addition to the $ 40 million they made taxing doritos . 
hillary clinton and president obama have been publicly feuding about foreign policy , but hillary clinton says they’re going to see each other at a party tomorrow , and they plan on " hugging it out . " when bill clinton heard this , he said , " oh , so it’s that kind of party . " 
in a new survey , united was named america’s worst airline . or as united reported it , " we’re # 1 ! " 
dallas cowboy orlando scandrick tested positive for ecstasy , and today , he was suspended for four games . scandrick said he’s not upset because… he’s on ecstasy . 
smokey bear just celebrated his 70th birthday . smokey says he now puts out fires by waking up seven times a night and peeing on them . 
customs officials found $ 40 , 000 in cash in the bra and girdle of a 78 - year - old woman . at least they think it’s that much money - no one really wants to go in there and check . 
scientists have figured out how to suppress the appetites of mice . they bring them to a long john silver’s . 
a california school district has stopped using a sex - ed textbook because it discusses vibrators . this came after complains that students were up all night cramming . 
a 14 - year - old texas boy lived in a wal - mart for four days before he was discovered . employees got suspicious when they noticed something in a wal - mart that was made in america . 
after attacking president obama’s foreign policy , hillary clinton now says she wants to " hug it out . " when he heard this , bill clinton told the president , " take it from me , you’re not going to get any more than that . " 
yesterday , a fight broke out between the oakland raiders and the dallas cowboys during a joint practice . referees told them , " there’s a proper way for nfl players to settle their disputes , and it’s called ' murder . ' " 
there’s a new luxury middle eastern airline that’s going to start offering first class passengers a suite with bedrooms , a kitchen , and a shower . meanwhile , united airlines says you can enjoy the same amenities if you cancel your flight and stay home . 
scientists have created a rudimentary model of the human brain that operates at a low functioning level . however they haven’t been able to run any experiments because all it wants to do is watch " duck dynasty . " 
the kardashians are outraged that they’ve been robbed three times this year , but the police haven’t caught the culprits . los angeles police said , " if only there was a video record of what goes on in the kardashian home… " 
in florida , a murder suspect asked siri where he should hide the body . which explains why the body was found at a hot new tapas place that got five stars on yelp . 
teenagers are in an uproar over rumors that the teen choice awards are rigged . the rumors started after i won " hottest tween heartthrob . " 
the oxford dictionary has added the words " yolo " and " amazeballs . " the oxford dictionary also announced it will no longer include the word " standards . " 
at a book signing , hillary clinton denied any friction with president obama . bill clinton heard this and said , " that’s not the first time she’s denied friction with a president . " 
apple announced it will ban two toxic chemicals that are used in production of iphones . in a related story , the iphone in your pocket right now - that’s made of toxic chemicals . 
the kardashians are outraged that they’ve been robbed three times this year , but the police haven’t caught the culprits . kim kardashian said , " we just want back what’s wrongfully ours . " 
kobe bryant and nike have teamed up to make a beethoven - themed sneaker . their motto is , " play basketball like an 18th century deaf german . " 
a woman from eastern europe participated in a sex marathon , and she had sex with 5 , 000 men . after hearing this , the 5 , 000th guy said , " what ? i thought we had something . " 
tomorrow is bill clinton’s birthday . hope it’s better than last year ' s , when he looked longingly at the candles on the cake and said " at least something’s getting blown on my birthday . " 
rumor has it that texas governor rick perry badly wants to run in the next presidential race . you can tell perry is behind it because they’re starting to make signs that say " perry 2017 . " 
the fda is warning that tattoos can lead to skin infections . it’s in their new report , titled " tattoos : finally something about them that might come back to haunt you . " 
the census bureau reports that almost 10 million americans have changed their designation for " race . " however , they do say once you check black you never go back . 
the football season hasn’t started , but the dallas cowboys have already sent their season ticket holders playoff tickets . not to be outdone , the cleveland browns already sent all their season ticket holders an apology . 
a zoo in england is going to let redheads in for free in honor of world orangutan day . just a warning - i fell for this once and spent two years inside a cage at the san diego zoo . 
a company has come out with a ring for your penis that measures how many calories you burn during sex . and yes guys , it also works on your wrist . 
one of the latest trends in colorado is marijuana - themed weddings . it’s the only kind of wedding where the usher asks if you’re with the bride or the dude . 
the latest trend in colorado is marijuana - themed weddings . at a pot - themed wedding , the couples promise to " love , honor and whatevs . " 
the latest trend in colorado is marijuana - themed weddings . you know you’re at a pot - themed wedding when the guests start eating the rice . 
one of the latest trends in colorado is marijuana - themed weddings . you can tell it’s a marijuana - themed wedding because the couples are registered at bed , bath , & bong . 
analysts say that president obama has been ignoring hillary clinton’s advice for years . which is why we’ve yet to see him in a pantsuit . 
disney world has become a popular location for republican fundraisers . a favorite activity is to ride through " it’s a small world " and deport most of the dolls . 
in response to criticism of its treatment of killer whales , seaworld said it will build them a larger habitat . when asked for comment , killer whales said , " hey , you know what’s a larger habitat - the ocean ! " 
in south america , a tribe of amazonian indians have made contact with the outside world for the first time . the tribe was shocked by skyscrapers , cars , and that " grey’s anatomy " is still on the air . 
off the coast of russia , a 200 - year - old bottle of booze was found in a shipwreck and it is still drinkable . of course , in russia , everything is considered " still drinkable . " 
a study found that surrounding oneself with beautiful things can make you happier . which is why i personally handpicked every member of tonight’s audience . 
next weekend , los angeles is holding its first river boat race . all that’s missing is a river in los angeles with water . 
yesterday was bill clinton’s birthday . hillary yelled " surprise " and out of habit , bill yelled " i can explain ! " 
whole foods has started selling rabbit meat . they’re killing them humanely ; they’re only using rabbits who died of shock after seeing the prices at whole foods . 
in florida , a group of teenagers snuck into an nba player’s home thinking there was nobody there . then , the nba player came downstairs and impregnated them . 
it’s been reported that , contrary to popular opinion , the tongue is not the strongest muscle in the body . the study was conducted by several disappointed women . 
the man who created the first internet pop - up ad says he is sorry . the man also says a 15 minute call to geico could save you 15% on car insurance . 
in south america , a tribe of amazonian indians have made contact with the outside world for the first time . their first words were , " what the hell happened to bruce jenner’s face ? " 
i can’t believe some jerk already has the license plate i requested : mscorsese 
have you seen those baby panda triplets ? two of them are really cute ! 
when does the red sox’s season start ? 
“am i groot ? ” ( groot having an identity crisis ) 
when i retire i’m going to pursue my first passion : inventing pancakes that can be sold by the loaf . 
i think the ice bucket challenge caused some permanent shrinkage . 
no one will see " the expendables iii " for me . 
whole foods has started selling rabbit meat ? that’s great , i was looking for a place to buy way - too - expensive rabbit meat . 
just taught my kids about the current u . s . congress by taking their ball , going home , and crying . 
sweating like crazy . may have to switch to men’s deodorant . 
so liberating - just threw car keys into ocean . glad they weren’t my car keys . 
i just got waylaid in malay by pele . 
i hope i never discover a genie when i’m really hungry , tired , or unhappy with my cell phone reception . 
a woman is suing mcdonalds because she bit into a big mac and found a starbucks . 
i hate being recognized in restaurants , except when the waiter says , “shall i put it on your tab , ms . swinton ? ” 
gummi worms are incredibly popular , so i’m not sure why my line of gummi chiggers didn’t take off . 
i ' m opening a restaurant that only serves bread bowls filled with smaller bread bowls . 
it’s rumored that next week the new iphone is going to come out . it’s going to come with a larger screen , more memory , and it can leak celebrity photos twice as fast . 
a spokesperson for jennifer lawrence is calling her nude leaked photos a " flagrant violation of privacy . " meanwhile , kim kardashian is calling her nude leaked photos " stuff i was going to release next week . " 
the fbi has said that it is fully addressing the celebrity photo hacking scandal . the head of the fbi said he is personally addressing it five , sometimes six times an hour . 
the man who released the nude photos of celebrities has admitted he’s on the run . however , he has been given asylum by a shadowy group known only as “guys . ” 
over the weekend , the white house chef married an msnbc news anchor . or as fox news reported it , “person who serves the president marries person who serves the president . ” 
this week “60 minutes” aired an investigation on how to live past 90 . the study was conducted by investigating people who’ve hosted “60 minutes . ” 
over the past week , three airline flights had to make emergency landings because passengers got into fights over reclining seats . it’s a story that combines america’s two greatest passions : violence , and sitting down . 
in washington state , authorities say a woman ran a prostitution ring out of a coffee stand . police grew suspicious after they noticed she was selling something called the " 20 minute latte . " 
over the weekend in canada , justin bieber was involved in a car accident and allegedly punched the other driver . when police arrived 20 minutes later , the man was still laughing . 
for the first time , a gay group will be allowed to march in new york city’s st . patrick’s day parade . so , if you’re at next year’s parade and you see two irish men rolling around on the ground , it might not be a fight . 
apple has plans to launch a mobile wallet to replace physical credit cards . because if there’s one company you want to trust with your money , it’s the company that leaked your nude photos . 
the latest rumor is that the iphone 6 will effectively act as a wallet . it will be able to conduct monetary transactions , show any form of id , and for guys , hold onto one condom for 12 years . 
a glitch in the john madden nfl game has accidentally created a player who is one - foot - tall . another glitch accidentally created an nfl player with no criminal record . 
five geckos sent into space as part of an experiment have all died . on the bright side , they were able to save 15% on their car insurance . 
amazon has announced that its chief financial officer will retire after 12 years on the job . however , the moment he retires , he’ll recommend another cfo that amazon might also like . 
scientists say that sunscreen coming off in the ocean is harming aquatic life . i’m told that every time i go snorkeling i kill at least two whales . 
a denny’s in new york city offers a $ 300 grand slam combo which includes a bottle of dom perignon . then again , if you find yourself spending $ 300 at denny’s , the last thing you need is more alcohol . 
for the first time ever , a gay group will be allowed to march in new york city’s st . patrick’s day parade . actually the irish and gay people have a lot in common - they both love six - packs . 
a rare , seven - foot - long albino cobra was on the loose in southern california . either that or my private photos have been leaked . 
a cast member from " duck dynasty " will be a contestant on this season’s " dancing with the stars . " which is why this year’s grand prize will be " a shower . " 
kim kardashian had a wardrobe malfunction where her dress split open , revealing her underwear . then today , kim apologized for wearing underwear . 
thousands of fast food workers demanding higher wages walked off the job and blocked traffic . the fast food workers said it was easy since " blocking major arteries " is what they do for a living . 
lego is now the world’s largest toy company . well at least it was , until its stupid sister walked into the room and knocked it down . 
across the country , thousands of fast food workers went on strike . the people who work behind the counter said they want higher wages - and the drive - thru workers , well no one could understand what the hell they said . 
it actually rained in los angeles this morning . in response to the rain , apple’s ceo said , " see - all clouds occasionally leak ! " 
very unusual day here in la , it rained briefly for 10 minutes . hospitals are still busy treating the moist . 
reportedly , the identity of jack the ripper , who killed five people in london , has finally been revealed . after hearing about it , the commissioner of the nfl suspended him for two games . 
dubai has laid out plans for a series of amusement parks . they’ll include scary , never - before - seen thrill rides like " the tunnel of women’s education . " 
former governor arnold schwarzenegger was in california ' s state capitol to unveil his official portrait . schwarzenegger said , " this portrait isn ' t the only arnold that ' s hung . " 
yes , arnold schwarzenegger’s portrait’s only been up for four hours and already , a cleaning lady is pregnant . 
over the weekend , president obama visited stonehenge . the cold , rigid entity no one can quite figure out said he enjoyed stonehenge . 
according to a recent poll , the # 1 travel destination for closeted gay men is chicago . this is due to chicago’s new tourism slogan , “we don’t care what kind of sausage you’re into . ” 
a porn star is holding a sex marathon to raise money for her breast implants . she needs $ 10 , 000 and so far she’s has raised a little over $ 12 million dollars . 
in an interview , the dalai lama said he should not have a successor . when asked what should happen after he dies , the dalai lama said , " what do i care ? i’ll be a f * * * ing grasshopper . " 
the new iphone will have two different sized models ; the iphone 6 and the much larger iphone 6 plus . the iphone 6 has a better camera , a barometer , and a shatter - proof screen - and the larger iphone 6 plus has a nice personality . 
ray rice is now being removed from the madden 15 video game . a spokesperson said , " violence against women doesn’t belong in madden 15 , it belongs in grand theft auto . " 
researchers believe they’ve developed a condom - free form of male birth control . it ' s called " a crying baby on an airplane . " 
apple introduced the apple watch , a smart watch that can text , monitor your health , and act as a secure payment system . when asked if the apple watch tells the time , apple’s ceo said , " oh , sh * * ! " 
analysts say that for president obama’s last two years in office , he’s assembled a to - do list . of course bill clinton also had a to - do list - it was called " the victoria’s secret catalog . " 
trump entertainment resorts declared chapter 11 bankruptcy . or as donald trump describes chapter 11 , “back - to - back number ones ! ” 
an english - speaking man went into a coma and came out only speaking mandarin chinese . on the bright side , now he can find work . 
reno , nevada is planning to open an exhibit celebrating itself as the " divorce capital of the world . " they’re also planning to open an exhibit at their children’s museum called " it’s all your fault . " 
tonight , president obama will make a prime time speech about how we’re going to deal with violent extremists and their sickening behavior . and when he’s done talking about the nfl , he’ll address isis . 
tech experts are saying that the new apple iphones are too big for most women to hold , which is why apple calls that model , " the conan . " 
a leaked document suggest that microsoft plans on renaming its smartphone . they haven’t made a final decision , but so far , the first choice is the " microsoft iphone . " 
it came out that law enforcement sent a copy of the ray rice tape to nfl headquarters back in april . today , the nfl commissioner apologized , saying the tape " got buried in a stack of tapes of illegal things nfl players are doing . " 
an executive at tinder has resigned following allegations of sexual harassment . the charges came from a female co - worker at tinder who repeatedly told him , " left - swipe means left - swipe . " 
the new york times had to issue a correction after an article referred to dick cheney as president of the united states . the times apologized to dick cheney , and changed his title to former president of the united states . 
judge judy has recently revealed that she too had nude photos of herself but chose to have them destroyed . so now we’ll just have to keep using our imagination . 
white castle has confirmed that it’s opening a restaurant in las vegas . it’s perfect for people in vegas looking for one more bad choice to make while drunk . 
a new study finds that frequent marijuana users are less likely to finish high school . they’re also less likely to finish the sentence they’re currently saying . 
two teenage girls have created a video game about getting your period . it’s called " suddenly and inexplicably angry birds . " 
budweiser has launched a campaign where you can use facebook to buy beer for a friend . that explains budweiser’s new slogan , " why be online and lonely when you can be online , lonely , and drunk ? " 
the national organization for women is calling for nfl commissioner , roger goodell , to resign . they made their demand in a video that commissioner goodell says he’ll watch in five months . 
ben and jerry’s has introduced what they’re calling a " marijuana friendly " ice cream . it’s called " ice cream . " 
apple is saying that the new apple watch needs to be charged every single day . also charged every single day , someone in the nfl . 
ray rice’s high school has officially cut ties with him . today his old principal said , " those are not the values we espouse here at oj simpson high . " 
a republican senator and a democratic senator are spending a week stuck together on a remote island for a new reality show called " rival survival . " no one is rooting for either politician to survive . 
archaeologists in croatia have discovered a city that they believe is 7 , 000 years old . you can tell it’s ancient because it had a blockbuster video . 
because of slow sales , radioshack may have to declare bankruptcy . radioshack informed their employees this morning by fax . 
a young violinist from lithuania played violin for three hours while she was undergoing brain surgery . man , those are some strict parents . 
i don’t even trust real clouds anymore . 
quick question : why is a flash mob of hipsters and yoga moms called a “farmer’s market ? ” 
“groot , i am . ” ( groot doing a yoda impression ) 
“what drought ? ” – lizards 
i never forget a name , bro . 
some scientists want to replace the handshake with the fist bump . others want to replace the fist bump with the “tush push . ” 
i hear the iphone 7 is going to be a landline ! 
the dalai lama says he should not have a successor and that the position has served its purpose . sorry , ray liotta . 
i still think the third “hobbit” film could be stretched to 5 movies . 
when you think about it , every cake has the potential to be a crumb cake . 
the iphone 6 can take 20 selfies in rapid succession , in case you were worried about the selfie shortage . 
south african sports officials have ruled that oscar pistorius is free to run competitively again . shortly after the announcement , he was signed by the nfl . 
the temperature in los angeles will reach 100 degrees this week . it’s so hot that here in california ice bucket challenge videos are now considered porn . 
over the weekend in iowa , hillary clinton told a crowd , " i’m baaaack ! " out of habit bill clinton grabbed his shoes and jumped out the nearest window . 
during the miss america pageant , miss nebraska accidentally flashed her underwear , and some think that ' s why she lost . miss nebraska said if she could do it all over again , she wouldn ' t have worn underwear . 
the fbi debuted its new facial recognition software which will archive the faces of tens of millions of americans every day . this groundbreaking , amazing new software is called facebook . 
a writer for " orange is the new black " is divorcing her husband after realizing , through writing the show , that she ' s a lesbian . which is interesting , because after watching that show i’ve discovered that i’m a lesbian . 
nicki minaj says her high school will not let her come back and give a motivational speech to the students . however , the school has invited her ass back for career day . 
in italy , a man called the police on what he thought was a burglar breaking into his home , but was actually his wife ' s lover attempting a surprise visit . then because it was italy , everybody had a good laugh . 
a couple recently spent hundreds of dollars to have a brain tumor removed from their pet goldfish . doctors performed the operation and then gave them back a different goldfish . 
experts are predicting that this heat wave could last until late october . of course the good news is - that means halloween costumes in la are going to be sluttier than ever . 
last year there was a slight increase in the prison population . it’s expected to increase even more when the nfl expands to 34 teams . 
scientists have discovered the largest dinosaur ever - it weighed 65 tons and was a vegetarian . they say the creature left behind massive footprints , and a reusable whole foods bag . 
a group that worships satan wants to give out " educational activity books " to florida children . however , officials say it violates two of florida’s strongest taboos : satan , and education . 
apple was forced to release instructions to help itunes users erase the free u2 album they got last week . apple knew there was a problem when bono said , " how do i get this thing off my iphone ? " 
for the first time ever , cosmopolitan magazine is endorsing political candidates . and next month they feature an article called , " ten ways to drive rand paul wild in bed ! " 
street gangs are toning down their colors in order to be less noticeable to law enforcement . so now there are three gangs : the crips , the bloods , and the earth tones . 
archaeologists discovered a skeleton couple that had been holding hands for 700 years . dude , it’s been 700 years - make a move . 
last week nike suspended ray rice’s contract , and today they suspended adrian peterson’s contract . now nike is down to oscar pistorius and kim jong un . 
new reports claim that the iphone 6 plus is too big to fit in the front pockets of women’s jeans . and guys , if it easily fits in the front pocket of your jeans , you’ve got other problems . 
there are now over 1 billion websites in the world . and 4 of them are not devoted to porn . 
according to a new study , parents tend to select baby names that can be easily typed on the right side of a keyboard . which may explain why i have a new niece named , " backspace semi colon . " 
a michigan funeral home is offering a " drive - thru " viewing option . or as they’re calling it , " jack actually in the box . " 
it’s rumored that in the new " star wars " movie , luke skywalker returns to the home world of yoda . at which point yoda tells luke , " skype , we could have . " 
the billionaire creator of beanie babies was in court today for tax evasion . if he goes to prison , he’s going to be the cuddly one with a cute nickname . 
pizza hut is testing out a new lower calorie pizza . to which the average american said , " great , now i can eat five . " 
a member of the baltimore ravens has retired from football so he can donate his kidney to his brother . since receiving the new kidney , the brother has committed six felonies . 
patriots quarterback tom brady has put his post - college resume online . and it worked - he starts tomorrow at quiznos ! 
philadelphia phillies pitcher jonathan papelbon is serving a seven - game suspension for grabbing his crotch . it’s all part of the national league’s " two balls , you’re out " policy . 
a recent report says the majority of americans can’t name the three branches of government ; judicial , executive , and legislative . to make it easier , the government is renaming those branches ; kim , khloe , and kourtney . 
there are reports that the islamic state is releasing its own " grand theft auto " - style video game . in their version , the worst crime you can commit is letting a woman drive the car . 
in an experiment , a robot programmed to make ethical decisions , chose 50% of the time to let humans die . even worse , that exact same software can be found in your roomba . 
a list of the happiest countries is out and usa is number 14 and canada came way ahead of us in 9th . however , those rankings reverse whenever justin bieber’s back in canada . 
on his radio program , rush limbaugh said that sometimes when women say " no , " they mean " yes . " as a result , limbaugh has just been made the new commissioner of the nfl . 
a baseball player got suspended for adderall use . football players think that’s adorable . 
today , scotland and england laughed off reports they were breaking up and insist they’ve never been happier . 
itunes is getting too invasive . last night i woke up at 3am to find the new u2 album raiding my fridge . 
scientists discovered fossil evidence of the first swimming dinosaur , and larry king hasn’t thanked me for not making a joke about it . 
i was going to buy the iphone 6 plus , but i already have a flat - screen tv . 
i’m an x - man , if crying yourself to sleep is considered a mutant power . 
a man scaled the white house fence and ran across the lawn to make it inside the white house . is it just me , or is " the amazing race " running out of ideas ? 
the white house has reevaluated its security and announced it will start locking the front door . they’re also going to start asking , " who’s there ? " when somebody knocks . 
in another celebrity photo leak , nude photos of kim kardashian have been posted to the internet . kim said she would be very embarrassed , if only she only knew how . 
in new york , a booze cruise ran aground near the statue of liberty . if you think about it , that’s basically how my people came to america . 
in los angeles , you can now have pizza infused with marijuana delivered to your door . as a result , no one has heard from los angeles in three days . 
german chancellor angela merkel has been named the most powerful woman in the world . in a related story , jay - z has left beyoncé for angela merkel . 
the ceo of jetblue has announced that he will step down in february . of course , it being jetblue , his actual departure may be delayed until march . 
a man in wisconsin has a condition that makes him orgasm 100 times per day . he’s being described as " happy . " 
honey boo boo’s father , sugar bear , is denying charges that he cheated on honey boo boo’s mother , mama june . it’s being called the worst children’s bedtime story of all time . 
yesterday a man who snuck into an unlocked door of the white house appeared in federal court . he’s being charged with being the first person to sneak into the white house since bill clinton did it every sunday morning for eight years . 
after last week’s fence - jumping incident , president obama is calling for a security crackdown . in fact , today he announced a new punishment for anyone who breaks into the white house : " now you have to be president . " 
the federal prison population has dropped by almost 5 , 000 people . and here’s the best part - they’re all in tonight’s audience ! 
kris jenner has filed for divorce from bruce jenner . there were rumors of another woman until bruce explained , " i am the other woman . " 
students at a detroit high school sent a youtube video invitation to the pope asking him to visit their school . they want to see if the pope can visit detroit and still believe there’s a god . 
the newest edition of the fifa video game is reportedly the most realistic simulation of soccer ever created . this is due to a new , high - speed processor capable of calculating scores as high as " 4 . " 
new zealand’s prime minister is pushing for a redesign of the country’s flag . the new flag simply says , " dammit we’re not australia ! " 
paula deen will release a video defending herself in her racism scandal , but you have to pay $ 9 . 99 to watch . or $ 14 . 99 if you’re black . 
there ' s now an app that connects people who want to cuddle . it’s a great way for married women to connect with other married women . 
a wisconsin man suffers from a condition that causes him to have up to 100 orgasms a day . when asked what his doctor says , the man said , " doctor ? why would i go to the doctor ? " 
tonight is the beginning of the jewish holiday of rosh hashanah ; when all jewish people need to be home before sundown . which is why i didn’t have anyone to write a punchline for this joke . 
president obama is being criticized for saluting a soldier while reportedly holding a pumpkin spice latte . today , obama sincerely apologized while eating a maple - glazed donut . 
the secret service is considering several new measures to keep people from trying to get into the white house . the first thing they’re going to do to keep people out is put a sign up that says , " blockbuster video . " 
in an interview that he just gave , bill clinton said one of the things on his bucket list is riding a horse in mongolia . he said it in the october issue of " if you know what i mean " magazine . 
the federal prison population has dropped by almost 5 , 000 people . it’s expected to go back up once the nfl season ends . 
an evangelical christian rewrote " harry potter " so that all the witchcraft is removed . and guess what - kids just love it ! you can read the whole series - all seven " harry potter " books - in about 15 minutes . 
a video has surfaced of a brawl among a group of where’s waldo impersonators . now , they are on the run and police can’t find them . 
in a new interview , kim cattrall said there could be another " sex and the city " movie . an hour later , isis surrendered . 
using spinal electrodes , researchers have found a way for women to achieve orgasm with the push of a button . unfortunately , very few men can find the button . 
today is rosh hashanah , the jewish new year and it’s the year 5775 . jewish scholars keep track of the number by counting the candles on larry king’s birthday cake . 
the nfl has filmed a psa warning women about breast cancer . then they filmed a psa warning women about the nfl . 
apparently kim kardashian attended a paris fashion week event and was tackled . technically , she wasn’t tackled , but turned around really fast and was hit by her own butt . 
a new study has found that women are still severely underrepresented in film . which is surprising , because men’s favorite movies usually have one guy with two girls . 
a flight from boston to los angeles was diverted to omaha after a passenger began masturbating on board . on the bright side , he did win the battle over the arm rest . 
they’re going to start locking the white house doors , but they’re still going to let pies cool on the window sill . 
my wife is boycotting the nfl . her boycott began in 1987 . 
my iphone 6 plus is two days old and it’s already bent . has anyone else had this issue after leaving their phone on train tracks overnight ? 
an evangelical rewrote a harry potter book to rid it of all the witchcraft . sounds bad , but i really liked her other book " 1 shade of grey . " 
i hope " the equalizer " is about denzel being a badass by adding artificial sweetener to people’s coffee without asking . 
a flight from boston to la was diverted to omaha after a passenger started masturbating . nothing kills an erection like landing in omaha . 
clippers owner steve ballmer is banning his players from using apple products . how do i get my kids on the clippers ? 
over the weekend , george clooney got married in italy . his bachelor party was held over the course of the last 30 years . 
new tests for the iphone 6 plus show that the device bends when it’s under 90 pounds of pressure . and get this , when it’s under 300 pounds of pressure , siri says , " try a salad , fat - ass ! " 
microsoft has announced it will open its first flagship store in manhattan . it’s expected to be just like the apple store , but without all those pesky lines in front . 
it was revealed today that the white house fence jumper got deeper inside the building than previously reported . in fact , for 20 minutes , he was acting secretary of commerce . 
over the weekend , bill and hillary clinton became grandparents . reportedly , bill is already helping out : changing diapers , singing the baby lullabies , and personally interviewing thousands of nannies . 
more than 300 , 000 people moved to texas this past year - that’s more than any other state . but when you add in all of the executions , things pretty much evened out . 
ozzy osbourne has confirmed black sabbath will be making one final studio record . ozzy said he can’t confirm the date or who ozzy osbourne is . 
a new study just came out that shows that people who meet online are more likely to break up . later that night . 
north korean dictator , kim jong - un has not appeared in public for weeks , and there are rumors that he’s sick due to too much cheese , fried chicken , and beer . sounds like someone’s applying for american citizenship . 
george clooney says that marriage " feels pretty damn great . " to which every married guy replied , " dude , it’s been four days . give it time , george . " 
people are wondering why brad pitt and angelina jolie were not at george clooney’s wedding . pitt and jolie issued a statement saying , " we’re sorry , we couldn’t find 18 babysitters . " 
secret service director julia pierson says agents are allowed to use " lethal force " to stop someone from entering the white house . unfortunately , this may cut down on the number of trick - or - treaters at the white house this year . 
after the recent break - in , the white house put a lock on the front door . also , the secret service is adding a recording of a barking dog . 
the nfl is being criticized because a muslim player was penalized for praying in the end zone , while tim tebow was never penalized for praying . in response , the nfl said , " tim tebow never got to the end zone . " 
it’s rumored that kim jong - un has fractured both of his ankles due to severe weight gain . kim jong - un’s doctors recommend the same strict diet that everyone else in north korea is on . 
california has become the first state in the nation to ban the use of plastic bags . governor jerry brown says , " plastic has no place in california unless it’s in our residents’ faces or breasts . " 
tyler perry has confirmed he ' s going to be a father . then he announced the baby’s name will be , " tyler perry’s tyler perry jr . " 
a restaurant in louisiana is offering customers a 10% discount if they bring a gun . so today everyone showed up with guns saying , " make it 100% . " 
for the first time , viagra ads are now targeting women . but the women aren’t too happy with viagra’s new slogan , " maybe it’s you . " 
more problems for the secret service - now it’s come out that the secret service let an armed ex - convict ride on the same elevator as president obama . no word yet on which nfl player it was . 
a fight broke out in paris involving justin bieber and the paparazzi . okay , now here’s my question , in a fight between justin bieber , the paparazzi and the french , who do you root for ? 
secret service director julia pierson submitted her resignation . actually , she jumped the white house fence , ran across the lawn , dove through a window , and handed it to the president . 
the secret service maintains that they are allowed to use " lethal force " to stop someone from entering the white house . after hearing this , president obama invited tea party leaders over for lunch . 
kim jong un’s been missing for a while . it is rumored that kim jong un’s sister has assumed temporary control in north korea . critics describe the sister as kim jong un , but with smaller breasts . 
the gay rights group , glaad , has released its annual report on tv , and the history channel got a very poor grade from glaad . which is why today the history channel announced its new show , " gay hitler . " it’s a good show , give it a shot . 
the show " jeopardy ! " is being called sexist for presenting a category called " what women want . " to make things worse , alex trebek referred to a female contestant’s breasts as the daily double . 
julia pierson , who just resigned as head of the secret service , once worked at disney world . pierson said she preferred working at the white house because people didn’t have to wait in line to get in . 
the new head of the secret service used to work for the cable company comcast . that’s true . so now intruders at the white house can only sneak in during the hours of 10 : 00 and 2 : 00 . 
the nfl announced that possible sites for next year’s draft has been narrowed to two locations . it’s down to either rikers island or san quentin . 
a woman is suing a sperm bank for giving her sperm from a black donor instead of the white donor she requested , and now she has a baby that’s half - black . man , this has been a rough year for paula deen . 
a new study indicates that anti - impotence drugs like viagra may cause blindness . not to the person taking it - to the person who gets poked in the eye . 
kanye west was spotted smashing his iphone in a fit of rage . kanye was mad that apple stole his idea of saying " i " before everything . 
a zoo in japan made repeated attempts to breed two spotted hyenas before they realized that both animals were male . the two male hyenas are no longer being forced to mate , but they are allowed to go antiquing together . 
a mexico city man now has the world’s largest collection of " harry potter " memorabilia . you can see it at his home , " la casa de no sexo . " 
i like to go to whole foods , put organic stickers on conventional produce , then sit back and watch the fireworks . 
if he or she owns finger cymbals , chances are the sex will be memorable . 
ben affleck said that his penis looks better in 3d . mine does too , but my wife refuses to wear the glasses . 
if the news gets any worse , the home page of drudge report is just going to be a giant skull on fire . 
today is columbus day and fun fact , ladies and gentlemen - christopher columbus died a bitter and penniless man . ironically , he lost everything at an indian casino . 
there’s another theory about why christopher columbus died broke , he didn’t buy his mattress on columbus day . 
while giving a speech in iowa , michelle obama mispronounced the name of a democratic candidate seven times . someone finally had to tell her , " it’s pronounced ‘hillary clinton . ' " 
michelle obama said if she could give one piece of advice to her teenage self it would be " stop being so afraid . " when asked the same question , president obama said he would tell his teenage self , " don’t run for a second term . " 
a new study shows the level of sophistication in presidential speeches has been in decline for years . this was especially evident after obama’s last speech entitled , " isis is not so nice - is . " his speech writer is dr . seuss . 
it’s being reported that nsa whistleblower edward snowden is back with his girlfriend . apparently , he got tired of leaking by himself . 
amazon . com plans to open its first physical store . the amazon store said their plan is to do okay for about a year , then be put out of business by amazon . com . 
a diner in north carolina has taken all the prices off its menu , and has told customers to just pay " what god wants . " it turns out god is a cheapskate . 
a new study on the female orgasm claims there is no such thing as a g - spot . the study was conducted by me . 
yesterday , kim jong un made his first public appearance in over a month . and i have to say - he was great on " the view . " 
dozens of nfl players will be appearing in a series of psas about domestic violence . no word yet on whether they’re for or against . 
this halloween , authorities in colorado are warning families to watch out for marijuana - infused candy . teenagers in colorado said , " don’t worry , not only are we watching out for it , we’re only going to houses that have it . " 
apple is paying for their female employees to freeze their eggs . they’re being stored at a factory in china where the eggs are already working on the iphone 7 . 
mcdonald ' s launched a new publicity campaign to dispute the claim that its food is so artificial , it doesn’t rot . that explains their new slogan : " mcdonald’s - our food totally rots ! " 
will . i . am is reportedly creating his own brand of smart watches . apparently , the watch will tell you whether it’s will . i . a . m or will . i . p . m . 
according to a new poll that just came out , one out of five single guys say they’d rather have a new iphone than a girlfriend . the other four said they’ll take either one , as long as they get to swap it for a thinner version every six months . 
a new ebola vaccine is being tested in canada . apparently canadians can stop ebola , but they can’t stop the spread of justin bieber . 
a los angeles bus was quarantined after a man boarded and yelled " i have ebola ! " to isolate him from other humans , they took him off the bus and put him on the los angeles subway . 
a female journalist for nbc who was exposed to the ebola virus is being criticized because she broke her quarantine to go to a restaurant . though in fairness to her , the restaurant was celebrating " infected ladies’ night . " 
apple will soon offer to pay for female employees who want to freeze their eggs . meanwhile , samsung will offer their female employees thinner eggs with a bigger screen . 
bono has apologized for putting the u2 album in peoples ' itunes without their permission . for the full version of his apology , check your voicemail , it’s there . 
the mayor of los angeles said he expects the city to get an nfl franchise within the year . if you think there are a lot of police chases in la now , wait until we get an nfl team . 
according to a researcher at harvard , success doesn’t lead to happiness , but happiness leads to success . the researcher made the discovery after reading his grandmother’s throw pillow . 
in colorado , they’re filming a new reality show to come up with the best marijuana product . so far , the winning product seems to be " marijuana . " 
hello kitty recently turned 40 . she’s been around so long people now refer to her as , " oh , it’s you kitty . " 
president obama said he hugged and kissed some of the nurses in atlanta who had treated the patients with ebola . man , obama will do anything to get out of that job right now . 
the head of the tsa announced he’s retiring . his employees toasted him with less than three ounces of champagne . 
last night during a televised debate , the governor of florida refused to go on stage because his opponent had an electronic fan under his podium . bill clinton once had a fan under his podium , but she wasn’t electronic . 
cbs will soon offer a paid subscription service . that means you can continue to watch cbs for free , or you can pay for it - it’s your call . 
there’s a new glitch in world of warcraft that is turning the skin of some black players white . the glitch occurs when the player’s avatar walks into a mumford and sons concert . 
in humboldt county , california , firefighters saved marijuana plants from a burning building . after the pot plants were put away in a safe place , the firefighters went back for the people who were inside . 
a recent study found that the planet uranus has a twin planet 25 , 000 light years away . the twin planet of uranus is called , " myanus . " 
all nfl teams have received a newsletter informing them about the dangers of ebola . meanwhile , ebola has received a letter about the dangers of the nfl . 
my neighbors criticized me for putting a pumpkin out too soon . i had to tell them that was just me looking out the window . 
a five - year - old in california tested positive for cocaine . his parents became suspicious when he asked for " a kilo of ice cream . " 
earthquakes seem to know when my dog is about to freak out . 
when the freeway lanes leaving la are blocked , and the lanes going into town are empty , then , yes , i do scan the horizon for monsters . 
am i the only one who realized that " frozen " was just an allegory for the u . s . leaving the gold standard in 1933 ? 
i’m pretty sure when the umpires say they’re going to look at the replay , they’re watching cat videos . 
there’s now a hybrid lamborghini for environmentally - conscious men with small penises . 
i asked nicely , but the dmv won’t change the hair color on my driver’s license to " pumpkin spice . " 
the world health organization has declared the nation of nigeria , " ebola - free . " so kids , spring break is back on . 
president obama told americans not to panic about ebola . then when asked about the democrats’ chances in the upcoming midterm elections , obama said , " man , that ebola sure is scary ! " 
after embracing the gay community last week , the vatican is now distancing itself from those comments . the vatican explained , " that was just one crazy weekend . " 
over the weekend in new hampshire , a massive riot broke out at a pumpkin festival . the incident is being investigated by the fbi’s " extremely white crimes unit . " 
while the giants are playing the kansas city royals in the world series , san francisco radio stations are banning the playing of lorde’s song " royals . " makes me wish they were playing a team called the kansas city " happy . " 
a new study has found that men who are vegan have a much lower sperm count compared to those that eat meat . even worse , the few sperm vegan men do have refuse to go anywhere near an egg . 
a florida mom is demanding that toys r us stop selling " breaking bad " action figures . she said , " i live in florida , if i want to expose my children to meth addicts , i’ll let them play outside . " 
brad pitt is now saying that his role in " fury " taught him to be a better father . and nicolas cage said his role in " ghost rider 3 " taught him that he shouldn’t have done " ghost rider 3 . " 
new research has found that the first sexual intercourse between two organisms occurred more than 385 million years ago . and nine months later , larry king was born . 
the president was back home in chicago to vote early yesterday , and something funny happened at the polling station . while president obama was standing next to a woman , a man shouted out " hey mr . president , stay away from my girlfriend . " he didn’t say this because he was flirting with her , but because his girlfriend is a democrat running for re - election . 
mcdonalds is in the news . mcdonalds’ profits are way down because experts say the restaurant is not attracting millennials . apparently , young people today are hoping to live past 50 . 
the nfl has created a sportsmanship award that will be presented to the winner on the eve of the super bowl . the winner will be whichever nfl player is not in jail on the eve of the super bowl . 
barbara walters is resurrecting her popular annual tv special , " the 10 most fascinating " people . but you can tell she’s starting to get up there , because she also has a new special called , " 10 meanest nurses who are stealing from me ! " 
twins separated at birth and living on different continents were reunited via facebook . the same situation didn’t end as well for another set of twins who found each other on tinder . 
the world series starts tonight between the royals and the giants . san francisco radio stations have banned the song " royals , " by lorde , for the duration of the world series . the ban does not bode well for lorde’s new single , " the giants suck . " 
the cdc has released new guidelines about what health care workers should wear to protect themselves when treating ebola patients . for starters , this halloween they’ve outlawed the “slutty hazmat suit . ” 
only five u . s . airports in the country will be accepting flights from countries with ebola . when asked which five airports , the government official smiled and said , " sleep tight . " 
it’s starting to look like the ebola crisis in texas may be over . now texas can go back to being afraid of the other " e " word - " evolution . " 
in a new interview , matthew mcconaughey said he doesn’t want the washington redskins to change their name . when asked for comment , a spokesman for all native american tribes said , " i guess that settles it . " 
on monday , 44 americans who came into contact with a patient with ebola were released from their quarantine . and they’re all here with us tonight ! 
the cdc says anyone flying to the us from ebola - infected countries will be monitored for three weeks . of course here in los angeles , monitoring a sick person for three weeks is known as " a reality show . " 
the fbi is investigating three teenage girls from denver who were trying to join isis . the teenage girls were apprehended after they announced a jihad against " that b * * * * ashley . " 
due to a technical glitch , taylor swift’s new single was released as eight seconds of static , and it still went to # 1 on itunes . 
a diet pill endorsed by dr . oz was found to be based on bogus scientific research . people are shocked that you can’t trust a tv doctor named after a lying wizard . 
politicians in miami have passed a resolution to split florida into two states . the two states would be known as " geezerville " and " methylvania . " 
smooth jazz musician kenny g was in hong kong showing support for the protesters there . kenny g played three notes and the chinese government immediately surrendered to hong kong . 
a new report on government waste includes $ 350 , 000 to study massages for rabbits . and you guessed it , every single rabbit massage comes with a " hoppy ending . " 
yesterday , yet another person jumped the white house fence . on the bright side , at least michelle obama’s finally getting more americans to exercise . 
earlier this week , investor warren buffett lost $ 2 billion . luckily , buffett found it this morning under a pile of $ 8 billion . 
scientists say they have found more evidence that human beings had sex with neanderthals . apparently , the evidence is any episode of " the real housewives of new jersey . " 
during a swing through asia , mark zuckerberg appeared at a university and conducted an entire q & a in mandarin chinese . there was an awkward moment when a student told him , " you’re in the philippines . " 
musician kenny g tweeted his support of the hong kong protestors and now china’s communist government is mad at him . it’s serious - china has threatened to pull kenny g’s music out of all their elevators . 
yesterday , an apple computer built by steve jobs in his garage in 1976 sold for nearly one million dollars . which makes it the most affordable apple product currently on the market . 
in florida , a resolution has been passed to split the state into two separate states . now even florida is trying to distance itself from florida . 
a new study just came out and it found that men who drink beer produce more offspring . the results were discovered by a scientist who spent one hour in ireland . 
kim kardashian says that she wants her daughter north west to one day have a job . then the baby spoke up and said , " you first . " 
the average netflix user streams 46 hours a month . and the average senior citizen , eight times a night . 
i love autumn in l . a . , when the colors change on the fire danger signs . 
my imaginary friend grew up to become my imaginary strength and conditioning coach . 
every once in a while , just for fun , i mail an eviction notice to warren buffett . 
i picked out my halloween costume . i’m going as " slutty madeleine albright . " 
personally , i think america is ready for a woman to scale the white house fence . 
kenny g has angered all of china , yet no one is telling him to " stick to music . " 
before the world series game last night , aaron lewis from the band staind botched the national anthem . and to make things worse , he started the song with " are you ready for some football ? " 
a new report claims that by the year 2020 , the marijuana industry could be bigger than the nfl . either way , it’s a good time to be in the couch business . 
wal - mart has come under fire for having a halloween section on their website called " fat girl costumes . " wal - mart has since apologized and changed the name to " nice personality costumes . " 
in an effort to ease some of the ebola fears , the mayor of new york rode the subway last week . if you have any information on the mayor’s whereabouts , please call 911 . 
beyoncé is planning to launch a new clothing line . beyoncé said , " i will not rest until i have all the money on earth . " 
the city of detroit says it has come up with a plan that could finally get it out of bankruptcy . the plan involves detroit getting on a bus and moving back in with its parents in ohio . 
a hotel in london is offering " harry potter " themed rooms . guests staying in a " harry potter " room have the choice of either a single bed or a single bed . 
france is seeing a rise in armed clowns terrorizing people on the streets . the good news is , they’re scaring off the mimes . 
queen elizabeth sent out her first tweet . unfortunately , her tweet was asking how she could get on tinder . 
this halloween , a woman in vermont is handing out kale to trick - or - treaters . if you’re in vermont and you want to stop by , look for the house that’s been set on fire . 
lebron james and his wife have just welcomed a new baby . the baby was born in cleveland , but plans to move to miami if it gets a better offer . 
tonight , the san francisco giants could win the world series . the san francisco players have champagne on ice , and the san francisco fans have set aside a very amusing chardonnay . 
a spy agency in south korea says it has solved the mystery of kim jong - un’s six - week absence . turns out he was at burning man . 
hbo has announced it will be laying off nearly 150 employees . that’s not hbo staff - that’s just characters getting killed off in the first episode of " game of thrones . " 
cosmo magazine is encouraging female students in north carolina to vote by offering a party bus to the voting polls that includes shirtless male models . that’s right - just as our forefathers intended . 
a hotel in london is offering " harry potter " themed rooms . the rooms come with a four - poster bed , a cauldron , and a mirror so you can take a long , hard look at just what you’ve become . 
tonight is game seven of the world series between the san francisco giants and the kansas city royals . that’s right , america , this is your last opportunity to not watch the world series . 
former baseball slugger jose canseco accidentally shot himself in the hand . in a related story , i think we just figured out a way to make baseball a little more exciting ! 
sources are saying that russia may have hacked into the white house internet system . the problem was discovered this morning , when suddenly obama’s screensaver was a shirtless vladimir putin . 
there’s a new pocket ebola test that can detect the virus in just 30 minutes . so now in just 30 minutes you can say , " bad news - i’ve got ebola . good news – pizza’s just arrived ! " 
the investigator who led the probe into the secret service prostitution scandal was caught with a prostitute . when the cops found them in bed together , he said , " hey , i’m investigatin’ here ! " 
the republican governor of pennsylvania is under fire for photo - shopping black people into his campaign pictures . the press became suspicious when the governor posted photos of him and his black friends at a coldplay concert . 
tomorrow is halloween . i just have to say , ladies and gentlemen , if you were planning on going as " sexy conan , " it’s taken . 
this halloween , if you see a blue pumpkin , that means the house is handing out allergy - free treats . of course if you see a blue pumpkin , it could also mean that the house is using last year’s pumpkin . 
yesterday was the internet’s 45th birthday . that ' s right , 45 years ago today , someone downloaded porn onto a commodore 64 . 
kim kardashian said she might let her daughter , north , design clothes for her fashion line . i think north is up for it , because she already created a bib that says , " get me the hell out of here . " please free me from these people . 
cosmo magazine is encouraging female students in north carolina to vote by offering a party bus to the polls that includes shirtless male models . the female students are signing up in droves to pull the lever and also to vote . 
yesterday was the new york city marathon . the marathon was won in record time by a democratic candidate running away from president obama . 
tomorrow is election day . that’s right , the day we americans wake up , consider our options , and then remember we didn’t register to vote . 
daredevil nik wallenda broke the world tightrope record when he walked blindfolded between two 50 - story chicago skyscrapers . wallenda said he didn’t do it to set a record , he did it because these days it’s the safest way to walk through chicago . 
christian bale has dropped out of the upcoming steve jobs biopic . bale explained he doesn’t want to get typecast as a rich guy who wears all black and has a lot of gadgets . 
blackberry now allows users to retract already sent text messages . they say the # 1 retracted text message is " i still use a blackberry . " 
mcdonald’s has released a video showing how the mcrib is made . it all starts when two adult mcribs love each other very much . 
yellowstone national park is now considering introducing wi - fi throughout the entire park . the idea has been slammed by naturalists , but praised by horny bears with laptops . 
in today’s midterm elections , a 102 - year - old woman voted for her very first time in a u . s . election . unfortunately , she voted for woodrow wilson . 
kim kardashian tweeted that she is supporting president obama in the midterm elections . i think it worked , because all the polls are predicting that after tonight , barack obama will still be president of the united states . 
utah could elect its first black republican woman to congress . in other words , utah finally got one black person and the first thing they want to do is send her to washington . 
in montana , a math teacher is running for senate . win or lose , she plans on demanding a recount - - because math is fun ! 
marvel has announced nine more upcoming superhero movies . i think they may be getting desperate , because one of them is entitled , " avengers : blah blah , just give us your money . " 
in thailand , a man was sentenced to two and half years in prison for insulting thailand’s king on facebook . even worse , the man rejected the king on tinder . he swiped left . 
in northern california , a man found crystal meth in his eight - year - old daughter’s bag of halloween candy . afterwards , the parents said , " we never should have let her go trick - or - treating dressed as florida . " 
abc is being criticized after the charlie brown halloween special was followed directly by a raunchy sex scene from " scandal . " so tonight , to help children understand what they saw , they’ll be airing the peanuts special , " it’s called ' doggie style ' , charlie brown . " 
president obama held a news conference today to share his take on the midterm election results . you can tell the president wasn’t taking it well , because he addressed the white house press core from inside a pillow fort . 
benedict cumberbatch has gotten engaged . he and his fiancée are registered at cumberbed , cumberbath , & cumberbeyond . 
for the first time ever , a black republican woman has been elected to congress . president obama gave her a congratulatory call and told her , " you’re all set - this country never turns against the first black anything . " 
yesterday , washington dc voted to legalize recreational marijuana . president obama said , " and after these midterms , thank god . " 
the country music awards took place tonight . so for the second night in a row , the big winners were all white guys in cowboy hats . 
former " american idol " star clay aiken lost his election for congress . apparently , his supporters thought they could vote by texting ryan seacrest . 
in vermont , the governor’s race is so close the vermont legislature may have to choose between the two candidates . so we won’t know until next week , if the winner is ben or jerry . 
oprah released her list of favorite things of 2014 and one of them is a book that she wrote . the book is called , " i’m oprah , and you’ll like what i say you’ll like . " 
for the first time in years , burger king has beaten mcdonald’s in sales , and they attribute it to their new offering , " chicken fries . " which is why today mcdonald’s announced their new offering , " burger shakes . " 
the world’s second strongest man just announced that he is gay . he said he realized he was gay after wrestling the world’s first strongest man . 
bob dylan’s grandson is going to release a rap album next year . the album is titled , " yo yo yo i ' m bob dylan ' s grandson . " 
the first porn movie filmed by a drone has been released . the film is expected to be a big surprise to the people who star in it . 
as if there weren’t already enough reasons to hate ebola , i hear it also smokes e - cigarettes . 
massachusetts was just named the most liberal state . researchers almost picked california , but then they stopped for gas in bakersfield . 
just called my broker and told him to buy 300 shares of neil patrick harris . 
let’s just agree any group of three or more handsome british men should be referred to as a " cumberbatch . " 
it’s too bad . conan cumberbatch had a nice ring to it . 
i guess we can finally put an end to the rumors that i killed bin laden . 
so embarrassed - my wife walked in while i was watching that video on how mcribs are made . 
president obama and vladimir putin are both in china attending the same economic summit . president obama saw putin and said , " after those midterms , it’s nice to finally see a friendly face . " 
hackers infiltrated the u . s . postal service’s computer network . the post office was shocked about the cyber - attack , and even more shocked that they have a computer . 
she’s going to be okay , but a baltimore ravens cheerleader was injured during the game yesterday . out of habit , several baltimore ravens immediately pled not guilty . 
justin bieber hung out with the pittsburgh steelers before yesterday’s game and then , the steelers lost . apparently , the steelers weren’t inspired by his speech , " win one for the bieber . " 
a new book claims that jesus had a wife and two kids . in other words , he suffered even more than we thought . 
there’s a new nightclubbing trend in sweden - partying sober . there’s an even newer trend , people leaving sweden . 
there’s a restaurant in moscow that uses shirtless bodybuilders as waiters . the restaurant is called , " not gay at all . " 
scientists have discovered a virus that lowers the intelligence of people it infects . the virus is called h - 1 - kardashian - 1 . 
i’m a huge fan of " sons of anarchy , " probably because when i was a young man , i ran with a gang of redheaded punks . we were called the ginger snaps . our biggest enemy was sunlight . 
" sons of anarchy " is the number one show in its time slot . they were number two but then they had the number one show executed in an abandoned warehouse . 
critics have called " sons of anarchy , " " hamlet on motorcycles . " which is better than the original concept for the show , " macbeth on segways . " 
the " sons of anarchy " gang logo displays the grim reaper holding a blade and a rifle . coincidentally it’s the same logo used by the nfl now . 
" sons of anarchy " takes place in a fictional california town filled with degenerates and endless mayhem . they had to choose between making it a fictional town in california , or any real town in florida . 
the european space agency successfully landed a probe on a comet that was moving 41 , 000 miles per hour . meanwhile , here in america , we successfully landed a champagne glass on kim kardashian’s a * * . 
people in china criticized president obama for chewing gum while entering the economic summit in beijing , and they’re saying he looked like a rapper . then again , to be fair , in china i look like a rapper . 
at the economic summit in china , vladimir putin is being accused of flirting with the first lady of china . then again , putin does have a history of not respecting boundaries . 
in montana , a reformed white supremacist is opening his kkk group to all races . minorities everywhere said , " that’s all we ever wanted , thank you . " 
in washington d . c . eminem was criticized for dropping multiple f - bombs during a concert for veterans . it’s the first time that soldiers in the military have been exposed to bad language . 
at a daycare center in michigan , police are saying that a small bag of marijuana was found in a baby’s diaper . when asked to comment , the baby said , " hey , i was just holdin’ that for a friend . " 
a recent contestant on " the voice " has been arrested for a dui . he’ll go on trial as soon as they can find a judge with a rotating chair . 
usher has announced that his next single will be available exclusively in boxes of honey nut cheerios . not to be outdone , drake has announced his next release will be available inside freshly - made omelets . 
a couple in florida left their waiter a $ 1 , 500 tip . since it’s florida , the waiter still murdered them . 
in beaumont , california , two people have lined up over two weeks early at best buy for black friday . the two people said they are hoping to get a great deal on a life . 
yesterday , scientist neil degrasse tyson , fact - checked the movie " interstellar . " because if there’s one movie i expect to be believable , it’s the one where matthew mcconaughey plays an astrophysicist . 
three astronauts returned to earth after spending 165 days aboard the international space station . they said there were three things they could see from space - the great wall of china , the amazon rainforest , and that photo of kim kardashian’s naked butt . 
some people are saying that kim kardashian’s nude photo is actually a positive feminist statement . those people are called " husbands caught looking at it . " 
the space probe that landed on the comet is now recording noises , and scientists say it sounds like the comet is singing . even more amazing , the song is " all about that bass . " 
the secret service said there have been 40 fence - jumping incidents at the white house in the past five years . half of them were intruders trying to get in , and the other half were president obama trying to get out . 
developers are working on a new app that gives you a ten second warning before an earthquake . the app is called , " too late . " 
usher has announced that his next single will be available exclusively in boxes of honey nut cheerios . the single is called , " i can’t believe it’s come to this . " 
warren buffet’s company has bought duracell for $ 6 . 4 billion . i think he overpaid , because batteries were not included . 
npr just told me i ' m the murderer in the next " serial " podcast . 
my new 3d printer not only prints food , but also some really rude waiters . 
just saw my thanksgiving turkey playing beach volleyball in malibu . 
i’m grateful for those kim kardashian nude photos , because they reminded me to check my car’s oil . 
these days hd is so good , when you watch an nfl game you can see the murder evidence . 
pope francis announced that next year , he’s going to be visiting the united states . here’s the cool part - he’s opening for pitbull . 
pope francis announced that next year he’s coming to the us . or as fox news is reporting it , " obama lets in yet another guy from south america . " 
president obama has recently pledged three billion dollars to aid poor nations . all three billion is going to the united states . 
the dea raided several nfl teams suspected of giving prescription painkillers to their players . in his defense , the new york jets doctor said , " we don’t give painkillers to our players , we give them to our fans . " 
facebook is reportedly introducing a version of its website designed to be used at work . this new version of facebook is called " facebook . " 
the company that makes botox was recently purchased for $ 66 billion . botox users were very surprised , they just couldn’t show it . 
bono injured himself in a cycling accident . even worse , the edge was accidentally sanded down to a rounded curve . 
time magazine apologized to women for suggesting a ban on the word " feminist . " it didn’t help that the wording of their apology was , " sorry we upset you ladies - we didn’t realize it was ' that time of the month . ' " 
the group of activists known as anonymous hacked the kkk’s twitter account this weekend . people got suspicious when the kkk began tweeting from a lil wayne concert . 
according to weather reports , today was the coldest november morning in 38 years . it was so cold , kim kardashian pulled up her pants . 
kim kardashian is defending her butt photo as an " art project . " she then said " excuse me , " and pulled her thong underwear out of her art project . 
scientists say the european space probe that landed on the comet has detected organic matter . this means there could be either be life in space or a whole foods . 
this week , a group of activists known as anonymous hacked the twitter account of the kkk . the kkk is furious and they said anonymous is a bunch of cowards who don’t have the courage to show their face . 
in australia , a drone took a photo of a grandmother sunbathing topless . the grandmother is embarrassed , and the drone is in critical condition . 
charles manson has applied for a license to marry his 26 - year - old girlfriend . there you go folks , another eharmony success story ! 
charles manson has applied for a license to marry his 26 - year - old girlfriend . it must be tough for single women out there , first , clooney , then cumberbatch , now manson . all the good ones are taken . 
the oxford english dictionary announced that its word of the year is " vape , " which is defined as " to inhale and exhale the vapor produced by an electronic cigarette . " then it says , " see , ' douchebag . ' " 
analysts say that on thanksgiving , americans throw away at least $ 282 million worth of leftovers . and when you look at most americans , that’s clearly not enough . 
tomorrow night , president obama will announce his new immigration plan . obama’s favorite part of his new immigration plan is that he gets to immigrate to another country . 
analysts say president obama’s new immigration plan will focus on deporting violent criminals . so this could impact your fantasy football team . 
one of hitler’s watercolor paintings is being auctioned off , and it’s expected to sell for over $ 60 , 000 . so if you’re looking for a wedding gift for charles manson… 
charles manson’s future mother - in - law says that she approves of her daughter marrying charles manson . she also said manson has very nice personalities . 
there’s a new doll for girls that’s being called " normal barbie . " there is also a normal ken who goes on the internet after normal barbie goes to bed . 
a new app for google glass has been created that lets you watch yourself during sex . of course the tough part for people who wear google glass is finding someone willing to have sex with them . 
police in oregon are investigating a high school porn - making operation . police became suspicious when they noticed the high school had 100% attendance . 
a ten - second kiss can transfer 80 million bacteria , my wife told me as we shook hands . 
tonight president obama is giving a major speech on immigration , and his speech will be immediately followed by the latin grammys . under obama’s plan , the winners of a latin grammy can stay in the country , the losers will be deported . 
in a new interview with the new york times , chris christie says he takes plenty of vitamins to stay healthy . then someone had to explain to him that " cheese is not a vitamin . " 
today is joe biden’s birthday . the vice president’s friends surprised him with a cake , but his thank you speech was so long , the stripper inside it fell asleep . 
there’s a new doll with an average woman’s body that’s being called normal barbie . unless she hangs around malibu barbie , and then she becomes fat friend barbie . 
a consumer group has published a list of their ten worst toys to get kids for christmas . topping the list - a menorah . 
justin bieber has reportedly met with a rabbi to explore judaism . after meeting with justin bieber , the rabbi is exploring atheism . 
scientists say the probe that landed on the comet has discovered substances that are indispensable to life . so apparently , the comet is made of whiskey and nutella . 
in south carolina , a 350 pound man stole 5 rib - eye steaks from a walmart by hiding them under his butt . he was allowed to keep the steaks . 
there’s an adorable video going around of three grandmothers trying marijuana for the first time . there’s also an adorable video of three grandsons tearing a room apart , shouting " where the f * * * is our weed ? " 
just read that jaden and willow smith interview to my dog , and he looks less confused than i am . 
in preparation for thanksgiving , i ' m going to swallow an suv ' s airbag and then run into a wall . 
who has less - recognizable names ? new republican congressmen or former arena football players ? 
i’ve been working out and now have the strength of ten men . and they’re all regis philbin . 
my wife told me a turducken was as close to a threesome as i ' m ever going to get . 
i wonder if sales of butterball turkeys would be as high if they ' d used the name margarineorb . 
i granted my turkey a last request , so now i ' ve got to wait while it watches the entire run of " breaking bad . " 
the greatest generation stormed normandy so that today , we could storm target . 
still eating , mostly because that grass - fed turkey from colorado gave me the munchies . 
today is cyber monday , the biggest day of the year for online shopping . cyber monday was started by a bunch of nerds who were beat up on black friday . 
in wisconsin , thousands of people showed up at a brewery for a black friday sale on beer . there were no survivors . 
it’s being reported that yesterday the line for security at chicago ' s midway airport was over a mile long . on the bright side , while in line many couples took the opportunity to join the mile long club . 
the world health organization has told men who are recovering from ebola to avoid sex for three months . this is bad news for the popular pickup line , " i just got over ebola - let’s go back to my place . " 
the chinese government has now banned the use of puns and wordplay in all television broadcasts . the ban was enacted by china ' s censorship minister , me no fun . 
over the weekend , a couple got married on the new york city subway . the couple has asked that instead of gifts , you send purell . 
researchers are working on a breathalyzer that can tell if you’re driving while stoned . here ' s how it works - if the driver tries to dip the breathalyzer in nacho cheese , he’s stoned . 
weather reports are saying that los angeles might get as much as two inches of rain , and everyone is freaking out . la hasn’t been this scared of two inches since i was single . 
after three years of drought , la is finally getting some rain . so good news - the marijuana crop is saved ! 
the first major league baseball umpire has announced he’s gay . the umpire did this by pointing at himself and yelling , " out ! " 
one of the co - discoverers of dna is now broke . after hearing this , bill clinton said , " good , that guy ruined my life . " 
according to a new report , parents are naming their babies after characters from their favorite television shows . i was shocked , and so was my son , " cake boss . " 
for the ninth year in a row , florida made it through hurricane season without being hit by a single hurricane . so it’s official , even hurricanes don’t want to go to florida . 
new research suggests that the first human beings drank alcohol millions of years ago . the proof is a message from one caveman telling another , " i love you , early man ! " 
gq magazine has named tilda swinton its " woman of the year . " i learned this when all the people i passed on my way to work kept telling me , " congratulations ! " 
after a long drought we finally got some rain here in los angeles . it ' s been a tough week for los angeles parents because they’ve had to explain to their children what that stuff coming from the sky is . 
people in north korea who have the same name as kim jong - un are being ordered to change their name . so now everyone has the choice of either khloe or kourtney jong - un . 
iran may have launched airstrikes against isis . do you know how long it’s been since i’ve been able to wear my " go iran " t - shirt ? 
the university of alabama - birmingham has decided to discontinue its football team . when they heard this news , new york jets ' fans said , " wait , you can do that ? " 
a man at the brooklyn nets game last night was removed for beating another fan with a prosthetic leg . which is why the brooklyn nets have decided to discontinue their annual " prosthetic leg night . " 
it was reported that a research lab at the university of texas just found out it is missing 100 human brains . texas police don’t know who has the brains , but they ' ve already ruled out governor rick perry . 
a surgeon in california accidentally removed a prison inmate’s wrong kidney . either that , or a kidney just pulled off the most amazing prison escape in history . 
in britain , it is now illegal to view bondage porn . and if you’re caught , you’ll be led away with no handcuffs . 
a man in cleveland proposed to his fiancée with the help of an elaborate christmas - themed musical performance . the woman said , " no thanks , you’re clearly gay . " 
china has surpassed the u . s . and now has the number one economy in the world . after hearing this , china ' s children asked , " so now can we take a lunch break ? " 
in oklahoma , two men dressed as batman and captain america tried to rob someone at a gas station . they are being charged with attempted robbery and mixing marvel with dc . 
north korea has ordered people with the same name as kim jong - un to change their names . to avoid even more confusion , they ' re deporting all chubby lesbians with bad haircuts . 
dr . nancy snyderman , the nbc news medical correspondent who was exposed to ebola and then broke quarantine , has returned to work . the good news - nobody ' s going to be messing with her food in the break room fridge . 
the dog whisperer , cesar millan , tweeted that he is alive despite reports that he had died . or maybe right before he died he trained his dog to tweet ? 
scientists say they ' ve found the oldest known engraving in human history , from half a million years ago . it was a tic - tac - toe game , and larry king won . 
in a recent interview , kim kardashian revealed that she used to pray to god for her breasts to stop growing . apparently god said , " fine - just wait’ll you see what i do to your a * * . " 
you can tell charles manson really loves his fiancée by the way he hasn’t murdered her . 
it just hit me : if they are real , we are stepping in piles and piles of ghost dung . 
can’t believe i didn’t get a grammy nomination for my jazz album , " ginger odysseys , vol . 9 . " 
i had a hunch china had passed america as the # 1 economy when they started making all our " america is # 1 " hats . 
this morning , president obama met with britain’s prince william in the oval office . it was a meeting between a symbolic ruler with no real power , and the future king of england . 
facebook revamped its search feature and now you can search for any post that has ever appeared on your page . it ' s helpful if you want to waste time this year remembering exactly how you wasted time last year . 
today in washington , d . c . , prince william attended a reception for endangered species . things got awkward when prince william realized the whole event was for his family . 
pope francis lashed out against what he calls the " material slavery " of christmastime consumerism . i just feel sorry for whoever drew him as their secret santa . 
as part of its new transparency campaign , mcdonald’s has released a video showing how its chicken mcnuggets are made . it’s not bad , apparently the mcnuggets die naturally after being fed the mcrib . 
after being caught dropping f - bombs on camera , nfl quarterback tom brady has been named the boston globe ' s poor sport of the week . because if there’s one thing boston will not stand for , it’s swearing at a sporting event . 
for the next week , nearly 2 , 400 marines and sailors from camp pendleton are conducting training drills throughout downtown los angeles . when they arrived , one soldier was overheard saying , " wow , iraq is scarier than i thought . " 
a village in alaska has been without mail for days because its only postal worker quit . so if you want to reach anyone in that village , you’ll have no choice but to email , call , text , facebook message , tweet , snapchat , skype , or instagram dm them . 
the beloved children’s christmas special " rudolph the red - nosed reindeer " just turned 50 years old . and in true hollywood tradition , rudolph started dating a 25 - year - old special . 
with the help of a ups program , a 4 - year - old boy in colorado had his dream of becoming a ups truck driver come true . unfortunately , another little boy in a fedex truck showed up three hours earlier . 
prince william and kate middleton , who are in the united states , went to a nets game and met jay - z . jay - z ignored etiquette rules and put his hand on prince william’s arm . long story short , we are now at war with britain . 
it was reported that the other night in miami , leonardo dicaprio left a party with 20 women . that’s nothing , when i was single i could make 30 women leave a party . 
pope francis lashed out against the " material slavery " of christmastime consumerism . unfortunately , no one heard the rest of the pope’s speech , because he was trampled in the playstation aisle of a walmart . 
some people are really mad about the discovery channel’s " eaten alive " special about a man getting swallowed by an anaconda , because the snake didn’t swallow him . this proves there are two things americans won’t stand for - false advertising and portion control . 
scientists say they are getting closer to developing a pill to replace exercising . americans heard this and said , " it better come in cool ranch flavor . " 
this week , apple stores are holding free computer programming classes for children . or as apple calls that in china , a " job fair . " 
mcdonalds has released a new video showing how it makes the chicken mcnuggets . apparently , it turns out mcnuggets aren’t made out of chicken - they’re made out of people who ask too many questions about mcnuggets . 
during a speech on immigration yesterday , president obama quoted a verse from the bible that doesn’t exist . apparently jesus never said , " i’m all about that bass . " 
time’s " person of the year " has been announced , and it’s health workers who treat ebola . time magazine told the health workers , " no need to pick up your award , we’ll mail it you . " 
one of the most popular youtube videos of 2014 was apparently a video of strangers kissing one another . and if you liked strangers kissing each other , you’ll really like something called " porn . " 
a woman on a southwest airlines flight gave birth to a baby . as soon as he was born on the southwest flight , the newborn baby said , " i had more legroom in the womb . " 
a new study came out and has found that reindeer populations are falling fast . so in other words , we are three years away from santa using uber . 
the general mills cereal cheerios will soon come in new flavors like quinoa . the ceo of general mills said the new flavor is in response to an overwhelming demand by no one . 
lufthansa airlines will soon allow pet falcons aboard their flights . this is bad news for lufthansa passengers with seeing eye mice . 
to protest new porn laws in the united kingdom , a mass " face - sitting " demonstration is being planned . good luck understanding what the protesters are chanting . 
the golden globe nominations are out , and angelina jolie and brad pitt were both snubbed . as a consolation prize , tonight each of them gets to have sex with either brad pitt or angelina jolie . 
the justice department ruled that native american tribes are allowed to grow and sell marijuana on reservations . this decision was hailed as a victory by native american leader , " giggling eagle . " 
a reporter recently asked governor rick perry if he thought he was smart enough to be president . perry said , " hey , i was smart enough to get elected president of texas , wasn ' t i ? " 
this morning , due to a massive storm , at least 150 , 000 people in san francisco were left without power . of course , people in san francisco without power are usually called " republicans . " 
according to a new study , almost 300 , 000 tons of plastic are currently floating in the world’s oceans . even more disturbing , 200 , 000 tons of that plastic are discarded bruce jenner faces . 
researchers have developed a bionic sports bra that automatically tightens when it senses breast movement . the bra also calls 911 when sofia vergara does jumping jacks . 
the inventor of the web is saying that internet access should be recognized as a " human right . " he also said it’s a right he exercises every night after his wife goes to bed . 
a strip club in new york city has a christmas - themed window display . it’s the only place you can see santa telling the person on his lap what he wants . 
once again , missed the fantasy football playoffs . that’s what i get for drafting all kickers . 
i’m what’s known as a " tiger dad . " if my kids don’t get straight a ' s , i threaten to practice the violin . 
tired of the weird looks i get whenever i pronounce the " t " in christmas . 
i hope north korean hackers don ' t release the embarrassing emails i sent to andy , slavishly praising our new boss kevin reilly . 
experts say hillary clinton should be worried that senator elizabeth warren will get the democratic nomination . when she heard about this , hillary said , " it’s not the first time a woman’s tried to take something that belongs to me . " 
hallucinogenic mushrooms were discovered growing in the garden at buckingham palace . so maybe the queen isn’t waving - she’s watching the color trails her hands make . 
some people are criticizing the new movie " exodus " for casting the part of moses with a white actor . they’re also not thrilled about the scene where moses leads the israelites out of egypt driving a prius . 
yesterday , on " meet the press , " former vice president dick cheney defended waterboarding . man , this guy doesn’t care about human rights or the drought . 
today in washington d . c . , several government buildings were left without power . of course , the white house will be without power for two more years . 
as a possible lead - up to a presidential campaign , jeb bush is releasing 250 , 000 emails from his years as governor of florida . sadly , most of the emails were bush responding , " yes , i would like to enlarge my penis . " 
sy berger , the designer of the modern baseball card , has died . he will be laid to rest in a shoebox somewhere in an attic . 
on saturday in cleveland , a baby was born at 10 : 11 on 12 / 13 / 14 . the child has already been diagnosed with severe ocd . 
honey boo boo ' s parents , mama june and sugar bear , are being offered $ 1 million to make a sex tape . they mulled it over and decided to take an offer of $ 3 million to not make a sex tape . 
health officials are reporting that thousands of americans have been sent to the er due to injuries from tanning beds . the report appeared in the " the journal of stories that make black people laugh . " 
the hackers who hacked into sony have leaked the upcoming script for the new james bond movie . sony executives said the news left them shaken but not stirred . 
among the top google searches of 2014 were ebola and " frozen . " one leaves you with something highly infectious that ' s impossible to get out of your system , the other is ebola . 
tonight is the first night of hanukkah . it’s a spiritual journey into light and darkness that lasts 8 days , just like the movie " interstellar . " 
russia has named vladimir putin " man of the year " for the 15th year in a row . putin got 143 million votes , and the guy he was up against got killed in a mysterious boating accident . 
a " walking dead " spinoff is going to be set right here in los angeles . the zombies are expected to do the two things people in los angeles refuse to do : walk and eat meat . 
jeb bush put up a facebook post about possibly running for president and it was full of typos . after reading it , george w . bush asked , " what typos ? " 
the porn industry has been in court arguing that making porn actors wear condoms violates their 1st amendment rights . they also said porn is protected by the right to " life , liberty , and the pursuit of faked happiness . " 
this morning president obama announced that the us is going to reopen diplomatic relations with cuba . president obama wanted to act quickly before seth rogen makes a movie about castro . 
in a recent interview , the dalai lama says there should be no more dalai lamas after his death . this is particularly bad news for his son , steve lama . 
president obama said that like many black men , he was once mistaken for a parking valet . but then michelle obama added , " on the bright side , that is how we got our first car . " 
the us military is reportedly putting 4 , 000 humvees up for auction . anyone who shows up to buy one gets a free " i’m an a - hole " t - shirt . 
a new report says isis is trying to recruit professionals like doctors , engineers , and accountants . but , sorry kids - even isis says they are not hiring liberal arts majors . 
a new study has found one of the occupations that has the highest rates of obesity is firemen . the upside is , fat firemen can get cats out of trees by just jumping up and down . 
it’s thursday , we’re pretty much one week away from christmas . so that means if you’re a guy , you have six days until you have to start shopping . 
to recover baby jesus figures stolen from nativity scenes , a security company is now putting gps trackers inside them . i was thinking if they had done this with the real jesus , it would have answered a lot of questions . 
true story , our office holiday party is tonight . just like last year , i’m going to get drunk , make a fool of myself and then , go to the office holiday party . 
now we just got our christmas tree , but due to the drought , it’s plastic . in fact , our tree has the same surgeon as bruce jenner . 
star wars producers revealed the names of their new characters . one of them is charles schwab . 
did they really get a guy named " christian " to play moses ? 
" unbroken " was the original title for " the human centipede . " 
my father - in - law just found out i’m that " conan o’brien . " 
crossed kim jong - un off my christmas list . you have to take a stand somewhere . 
i’m pretty sure i saw this department store santa in an old episode of " dateline . " 
my christmas present to all of you ? i took a naked selfie and deleted it . 
all i want for christmas is a cat - fight between flo the progressive lady and lily the at & t lady . 
my wife wants our christmas gifts to be handmade this year , so i carved her a radio shack gift card . 
didn ' t know you could squeeze up to three ounces of liquor out of a department store santa ' s beard . thanks , martha stewart ! 
got all my christmas shopping done . now to shop for other people . 
' twas the night before christmas , when all through the house , not a creature felt like pronouncing " it was " as two words . 
i love seeing the look on my kids ' faces on christmas morning when i tell them we’re hindu . 
as much as i love the theme music from the serial podcast , it really killed the vibe at my zumba class . 
just ate at an online virtual steakhouse , amazon prime . 
ladies , i’m 6 foot 4 inches of misplaced confidence . 
don’t cross mr . i , or he becomes mr . t . 
just found out " auld lang syne " is latin for " made up words . " 
wondering how long it will take me to learn to write " 2015 " on checks , but first must re - learn how to write checks . 
just spent 72 hours sitting motionless in a darkened room . perhaps it was a mistake to binge - watch " black mirror . " 
the pope is being hailed for picking 15 diverse cardinals from unusual places . congratulations , cardinal rabbi mo fensen of bozeman , mt . 
a us brewery has apologized for using mahatma gandhi ' s image on its beer . the beer is so strong , after one beer you look at gandhi and say , " who ' s the hot bald chick with the glasses ? " 
tonight is our first show of 2015 and our best show of 2015 - if you have tickets for the next show , i feel sorry for you . 
at the cowboys football game yesterday , chris christie was spotted in the owner ' s box hugging jerry jones . it was right after jones said , " let ' s get some hot wings . " 
plans are underway to build an nfl stadium in los angeles . that ' s good news because it ' s been at least a decade since la had a sports team not to care about . 
same sex marriage is now legal in florida . so for once , visiting your grandmother might be kind of interesting . 
president obama is going on a three day live tour to preview his upcoming state of the union speech . it ' s pretty exciting - obama rushes out on stage and shouts , " are you ready for some stuff that ' s never going to happen ? " 
former arkansas governor mike huckabee announced he is running for president . and if you think mike huckabee can ' t possibly win , don ' t forget they said the same thing eight years ago about mike huckabee . 
general mills has announced they ' re making a new flavor of cheerios made with quinoa . at the bottom of each box is a special prize - cheerios not made with quinoa . 
this week , parts of minnesota will be as cold as 50 below zero . minnesotans heard this and said , " so it ' s spring already ? " 
archaeologists in jerusalem say they may have found the site of jesus ' trial . they ' ve even pinpointed the exact spot where jesus swore to tell the whole truth , " so help me dad . " 
in southern california , a naked woman trying to sneak into her ex - boyfriend ' s house got trapped in the chimney . afterwards , the boyfriend said , " that wasn ' t what i meant when i told her we should try it in the chimney . " 
a technology expert is predicting that selfies are likely to replace passwords on cell phones . which means i ' ll finally be able to break into tilda swinton ' s cell phone . 
congress now has a record number of black lawmakers . this is particularly awkward for the tea party congressmen who keep thinking they ' re all the same guy . 
one of the new gadgets at the consumer electronics show is a belt that tells the person wearing it when it ' s time to lose weight . another device at the ces is a pair of jeans that tells you , " hey chunks , try a salad . " 
an item unveiled at ces is a smart pacifier with a gps system that will help you find your baby . the company expects the pacifier to be a huge hit with really sh * * ty parents . 
dick cheney has gone on record saying he is a " big fan " of jeb bush . i don’t think jeb is excited , because cheney’s exact quote was , " if there’s two things i love , it’s waterboarding and jeb bush . " 
a new study has found that watching fox news can make you more conservative and watching msnbc can make you more liberal . and watching cnn can make you think that no plane has ever safely reached its destination . 
facebook founder mark zuckerberg has announced an ambitious new personal plan to read something new every two weeks . first up on zuckerberg’s reading list : all your private facebook messages . 
scientists have created a pill that tricks your body into thinking it has had a full meal . unfortunately , the pill is made of two pounds of mashed potatoes . 
today , major league baseball selected its newest hall of fame members and the most votes went to randy johnson . later that day , randy johnson was also inducted into the " porn star name hall of fame . " 
nasa scientists recently spotted a hole on the sun’s surface that is 400 times larger than the earth . despite the hole being that large , no one on the la lakers could put a ball through it . 
at the consumer electronics show , hershey’s has unveiled a 3 - d printer that makes chocolate . if you think americans get angry when their paper printer is jammed , wait till their chocolate printer gets jammed . 
yesterday , audi’s self - driving car drove itself 500 miles to las vegas . not for the consumer electronics show - for its buddy chad’s bachelor party . unfortunately , the car got so drunk in vegas it had to uber home . 
according to a new report , the average college freshman reads at a seventh grade level . or , if you’re an optimist , every seventh grader now reads at a college freshman level . 
the new congress is 80% white , 80% male , and 92% christian , yet it’s the most diverse congress in history . it’s kind of like that time two black guys showed up at a mumford and sons concert . 
bill gates is trying to develop clean drinking water made from human waste . the last time someone tried to make something drinkable from human waste we ended up with sunny d . 
everyone’s okay , but the state of texas recently experienced nine earthquakes in just one day . but not to worry : texas scientists say they are hard at work figuring out exactly what god was angry about . 
due to a slowing of the earth’s rotation , scientists are adding an extra second to the year 2015 . here ' s the bad news - you just wasted it listening to this joke . 
justin bieber’s photo shoot for calvin klein underwear is out and some people think his crotch was padded . bieber denied the accusations , saying , " i just have a really big vagina . " 
angelina jolie met with pope francis at the vatican . after she left , pope francis was overheard saying " dayum ! " 
angelina jolie met with pope francis . long story short , she adopted him . she had everything but a pope , now she’s all set . 
74 - year - old senator barbara boxer announced she will not run for re - election in 2016 . when i saw the headline , " 74 - year old boxer " i assumed we were making a new rocky movie . 
on monday , bill gates released a video of himself drinking water that was filtered from human excrement . no word yet on whether gates got into the fraternity . 
a new selfie stick recently came out designed to help users take pictures of their butts at the perfect angle . of course kim kardashian’s butt will still have to be shot from space . 
details have come out about " 60 minutes " correspondent steve kroft’s extramarital affair - some people are speculating his career could be over at 69 . or because of 69 . 
this sunday , tlc is airing a show about women whose husbands are attracted to men called , " my husband’s not gay . " and next week , the men will appear on a show on bravo called , " i guess he was after all . " 
starbucks has introduced a new coffee from australia called " the flat white . " it’s the first coffee drink ever to be named after my a * * . 
of all the things i thought might happen in 2015 , a sex scandal involving prince andrew and alan dershowitz was pretty low on the list . 
downton abbey spoiler : carson finds an oil of camphor stain on a drawing room divan . 
i hope oil stays at under $ 50 a barrel , because valentine ' s day is coming up . 
i can’t believe the consumer electronics show rejected my idea of a walker made entirely of slinkys . 
i still think those north korean hackers are hiding in a radioshack in toledo . 
last night at the golden globes , tina fey and amy poehler made jokes about bill cosby . and to show there were no hard feelings , today cosby offered to buy each of them a drink . 
last night was the premiere of tlc’s controversial new show , " my husband’s not gay . " unfortunately , their entire target audience was watching the golden globes . 
the top movie at the box office this weekend was " taken 3 . " in " taken 3 , " movie audiences are held hostage by a plot that was hijacked from " taken 2 . " 
the potential presidential candidate most voters said they ' d like to live next door to is elizabeth warren . personally , i’d like to live next to mitt romney , because that would mean i have billions of dollars . 
according to a new survey , more than half of all senior citizens are now on facebook . and sadly , none of them know it . 
nike announced that this year , it will release self - lacing tennis shoes . by the way , if you ' re too lazy to lace up your tennis shoes , you ' re really gonna hate tennis . 
tiffany jewelers just released an ad that features a gay couple for the very first time . a spokesman for tiffany’s said that everyone , whether they are gay or straight , should have the right to grossly overpay for jewelry . 
a saudi arabian prince has said that oil may never again rise above $ 100 a barrel . he said it’s gotten so bad , he can’t afford to buy his wife her own car that she’s not allowed to drive . 
motorola plans to release a collar that allows dogs to tell their owners what they’re doing all day . basically , the owner gets a series of text messages that either say , " eating food " or " licking my balls . " 
a man at an auction recently bought a rare penny for $ 2 . 5 million . i don’t think the guy’s that bright because he then bought that $ 2 . 5 million for $ 9 . 6 million . 
yesterday was national kiss a ginger day . for some reason nobody told me about it until today . 
the former governor of virginia has to report to prison next month to serve time on corruption charges . and his cellmate can’t wait to remind him that " virginia is for lovers . " 
tea party favorite senator ted cruz has been appointed to oversee nasa in congress . he said he wants nasa to focus on finding aliens , so he can deport them . 
republican mike huckabee criticized the obamas for letting their daughters listen to beyoncé due to her explicit lyrics . so now the obama girls are faced with the tough choice every teen must eventually make : listen to beyoncé or mike huckabee . 
a congressman from texas sent out a tweet comparing president obama to hitler . which is ridiculous , because at this point in his career , hitler had a much higher approval rating . 
zooey deschanel just announced that she is pregnant with her first child . she doesn’t know the baby’s gender , but she does know it has bangs . 
an nfl player was arrested in florida on gun charges . the news was shocking to anyone who knows nothing about the nfl or florida . 
yesterday , a delta flight from cleveland to new york took off with just two passengers . and get this - they lost their luggage . 
a brewery in iceland has produced a beer that is partially made from whale testicles . when asked why , the brewer said , " i’m having a lot of problems at home . " 
bravo is considering putting " the real housewives of new jersey " on hiatus because one of the cast members is in prison . the producers promised the show will start up again as soon as all the housewives are in prison . 
health officials have determined that the origin of california’s recent measles outbreak is disneyland . as a precaution , today officials closed down disney’s popular ride , " it’s a small pox world . " 
people are referring to mitt romney’s possible presidential run as mitt 3 . 0 . coincidentally , mitt 3 . 0 is also the name of romney’s third son . he’s a toaster oven with nice hair . 
possible republican presidential candidate mike huckabee slammed the obamas for letting their daughters listen to beyoncé . huckabee said , " my kids chill to nicki minaj . " 
the tea party congressman who sent a tweet that compared president obama to adolf hitler has now apologized . not helping is that he apologized to hitler . 
today in sri lanka , pope francis visited a buddhist temple . when asked why he went to a buddhist temple , the pope said , " just keeping my options open . " 
for the first time since 2007 , the fda has approved a new device to treat obesity . this amazing breakthrough is called a " vegetable . " 
a surveillance camera at an idaho high school appears to have caught evidence of a ghost . later , officials examined the milky white image and concluded it was just another resident of idaho . 
on monday , a delta flight from cleveland to new york took off with just 2 passengers . yet somehow , they spent the whole flight fighting over the armrest . 
everyone is okay , but instead of sending his kid to school with his lunch , a man sent him to school with $ 18 , 000 worth of drugs and knives . the man is in jail , and his 3 - year - old has cornered the cookies and juice market . 
a man who fell overboard off a royal caribbean cruise ship was rescued hours later by a disney cruise ship . the disney ship was playing the frozen soundtrack , so he immediately jumped back overboard . 
in china , a woman cut off her husband’s penis after she found out he was cheating , and then , after it got sewn back on , she went to the hospital and cut it off again . it just goes to show you , two wangs don’t make a right . 
this year’s oscar nominations are being called the " whitest " in 19 years . here’s how white it is - i was nominated for best supporting actress . 
many are protesting the fact that the majority of the oscar nominees are white . the academy responded , " don’t worry - minorities will still tune in for host neil patrick harris . " 
many are shocked that " the lego movie " was not nominated for best animated picture . it’s shocking because when you think about it , the academy has a long tradition of honoring plastic people with frozen faces . 
the film " selma " was snubbed and some people are saying it ' s because of the film ' s historical inaccuracies . however , that theory was dismissed by the actress who played coretta scott king - tara reid . 
after the state of the union address , president obama plans to sit down with three youtube celebrities . that’s right - the president is going to have lunch with a cat , a bear , and a waterskiing squirrel . 
just days after mitt romney suggested he might run for president , there’s been a backlash . the backlash is led by jeb bush , mike huckabee , and just to hedge his bets on every issue , mitt romney . 
a federal judge ruled that south dakota must allow gay marriage . it’s great news for hundreds of south dakota’s gay couples , and here’s the cool part , two of the heads on mt . rushmore . 
researchers now believe neanderthals were more technologically advanced than previously thought , based on an ancient tool that they just discovered . that tool , surprisingly enough - a " bedazzler . " 
an australian man dressed as a star wars stormtrooper was attacked by a deadly snake that tried and failed to bite through his costume . the man said the stormtrooper costume is designed to fend off snakes and girls . 
miley cyrus has posed naked for a magazine . now is it just me , or is us news and world report getting desperate ? 
in china , a woman cut off her husband’s penis after she found out he was cheating , and then , after it got sewn back on , she went to the hospital and cut it off again . when reached for comment , the man said , " if she had paid this much attention to my penis before , we wouldn’t be in this mess . " 
at dartmouth , 64 students are being accused of cheating in an ethics course . they ' ve all been given an honorary doctorate in irony . 
discovery channel has said that from now on they will only air factual documentaries . or as they were known in the old days , documentaries . 
same - sex couples can now get married in florida , and are pledging " til meth do us part . " 
two men climbed el capitan using only their hands and feet . it’s like that time i walked to the bathroom without my slippers . 
liam neeson denied he made a remark that he was converting to islam . you can see it all in the new action thriller , taken…out of context . 
to advance to the super bowl , the seattle seahawks scored two touchdowns in the final two minutes and then won in overtime . i told my wife , " see , two minutes can be very exciting . " 
new england and seattle will meet in the super bowl and get this - i’m from new england and my wife is from seattle . which means no matter who wins the super bowl , i lose . 
according to a new poll that just came out - nearly 6 out of 10 republicans want mitt romney to run for president . and so do 10 out of 10 democrats . 
over the weekend , the pope told a group of men that they need to listen to women better . the pope then lowered his voice and said , " that is , if you want to get some… " 
the # 1 female middleweight boxer in america is also an ihop waitress . and the # 1 heavyweight in america is an ihop customer . 
for the first time ever , " the view " was beaten in the ratings by another daytime show called " the talk . " however , both shows are losing viewers to something called " the off button . " 
in florida , a teenage boy was arrested for posing as a doctor . after hearing about it , dr . phil said , " wait… it’s illegal to pose as a doctor ? " 
a delaware police officer was caught on his dash camera dancing and lip - syncing to taylor swift’s " shake it off . " he is suspended without pay pay pay pay pay… 
there’s a new memoir out written by a man with two penises . i’m sorry - but i think there’s something wrong with a guy who has two penises and still has time to write a book . 
one of the guests at the state of the union address was an undocumented immigrant . or , as fox news kept calling him , " president obama . " 
president obama just had oprah over to the white house . i think oprah gave him some advice because tonight during his state of the union speech , president obama gave everyone in the audience a brand new nissan sentra . 
a new study reveals vermont businesses could benefit financially by legalizing marijuana . and by vermont businesses , i mean specifically ben and jerry’s . 
one of the latest trends is " starbucks weddings . " they occur when the starbucks line is so long you actually have time to meet someone , fall in love and marry . 
google is planning to help launch satellites to beam free internet access around the world . they’re doing it in association with the global charity , " porn without borders . " 
a new study says that children are suffering bad health effects from eating too much pizza . the study was explained in a pie chart which children immediately tried to eat . 
at a medical center in florida , a teenage boy was arrested for posing as a gynecologist . his patients grew suspicious when he nervously struggled to unhook their bra . 
in nevada , a man had a heart attack during sex in the desert and he had to pay $ 250 , 000 for an airlift to the hospital . sounds like a lot , but it’s still the least anyone’s paid for sex in nevada this week . 
comedy central announced that they’re going to be roasting justin bieber on march 7th . the bieber roast will start on march 7th and end sometime in june . 
last night , president obama set the record for the most veto threats in a state of the union address . towards the end of his speech , he was just yelling at republicans , " come at me , bitch ! " 
last night , president obama made history in his state of the union address by using the words " transgender , " " lesbian , " and " bisexual . " it was that part of the speech where he was just starting to read craigslist personals . 
supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg fell asleep during the state of the union address . she woke up to discover the other justices had used a sharpie to draw a gavel on her face . 
citizens of boston may soon get to vote over whether or not the city hosts the 2024 olympics . it’s a simple ballot - bostonians will either check off " heah " or " not heah . " 
security experts are now saying the most common password last year was 123456 . which is why an hour ago , i changed all my passwords to 123456…7 ! 
five workers at disneyland have been diagnosed with the measles . not only that , but nine of the pirates of the caribbean tested positive for scurvy . 
in south florida , shaquille o’neal has been sworn in as a reserve police officer . personally , i can’t wait until he works undercover . 
the controversy surrounding the new england patriots and underinflated balls is now being called " deflategate . " which means now my wife will have to use a different term to describe our honeymoon . 
patriots quarterback tom brady gave a press conference today and he said that after equipment managers prepare the footballs , he doesn’t want anyone " touching the balls or rubbing the balls because the balls are perfect . " then members of the press took a 45 - minute giggle break . 
california officials want to contain a measles outbreak that originated in disneyland last month . they’re in luck - because apparently everyone who was exposed to it is still in line at space mountain . 
kid rock is under fire for posting a photo of himself holding a cougar that he had just killed . people were outraged - until they realized the cougar was one of the " real housewives of orange county . " 
in a new article , doctors say that your attention span is like a muscle than can be strengthened . i didn’t read the rest of the article because i saw a shiny thing . 
a new study says vermont could benefit financially by legalizing marijuana . legal marijuana could lead to a lucrative new vermont business known as the " bed & breakfast & more breakfast , and then more bed . " 
the federal government spent almost half a million dollars studying the effects of gay hook up apps . turns out , they work great . 
today , facebook’s oldest user turned 107 years old . careful guys , she’s also the oldest user on tinder . 
facebook’s oldest user turned 107 years old . she’s so old , when her friends poke her , it’s just to see if she’s still breathing . 
idea for 2015 : haikus go to 6 - 8 - 6 . 
nothing makes me feel sexier than overpaying for a blazer . 
remember " planking ? " me neither . 
ag eric holder ended the federal civil forfeiture program . holder said , " it was the right thing to do , whatever the hell it is . " 
if your name is cool forwards , it ' s cool backwards . case in point : ksum nole . 
the northeast right now is being hit with a major snowstorm . forecasters say people have not seen a white - out like this since last week’s oscar nominations . 
over the weekend , sarah palin has gone from " really interested " to " seriously interested " in considering a presidential run . and the american public has gone from " not interested " to " seriously not interested . " 
potential candidates jeb bush and mitt romney met in utah to discuss " the future . " because nothing says " the future " like two white guys in their 60 ' s , in utah . 
in france , a court ruled that a couple cannot name their baby nutella because the court said , " a name like that can only lead to teasing . " so the couple has moved on to their second choice , conan . 
kfc is testing a new product called the double down dog , get this - it’s a hot dog wrapped in fried chicken with liquid cheese on top . just so you know , the new meaning of kfc is " killing fatties cardiologically . " 
this summer , disney is going to feature a " frozen " - themed cruise ship . sadly , 100 years ago , that’s how they promoted the titanic . 
italy has released a video that’s aimed at ending offensive italian stereotypes . i’m not sure the video is going to work , because it’s hosted by the super mario brothers . 
a company has developed a coffee that can help you fall asleep . it’s called the " cosby - ccino . " 
a lot of people are mad at meteorologists for promising more inches of snow than actually fell . and folks , i’m mad at meteorologists because " not delivering as many inches as promised " is my thing . 
last night during the storm , tinder went down . which means people trapped indoors were forced to hang out with the person they married . 
some sports analysts are wondering if seattle seahawks player marshawn lynch is going to do his controversial " crotch grab " at the super bowl . apparently with the patriots around , no one is leaving their balls unattended . 
today , president obama is in the middle east and met the new king of saudi arabia . obama also met saudi arabia’s first lady , the second lady , the third lady and the fourth lady . 
in a speech today , president obama said that michelle obama is " very strong and talented " and she " frequently " tells him that he is wrong . as a result , michelle obama is now the republican frontrunner for 2016 . 
president obama said the small drone that flew over the white house fence yesterday could be bought at any radio shack . after hearing this , radio shack’s ceo said , " i’m shocked to find out we still sell something people want . " 
today , the apple ipad turns five years old . so it’s official , the ipad is as old as the people who make it . 
sarah palin gave a confusing speech that a conservative magazine described as " meandering and bizarre . " when asked for comment , sarah palin said , " true not . fancy butter . freedom . me go . " 
in taiwan , an adult amusement park is being built with sex - themed rides - including a giant penis ride . the worst part is , the giant penis ride ends at splash mountain . 
just five days before the super bowl , patriots quarterback tom brady is battling a cold . doctors describe brady’s cold as " very handsome . " 
a report claims apple has so much cash it can afford to give every american $ 556 . apple responded by saying , " or we could release a slightly different iphone , and everyone could give us $ 556 . " 
the new surgeon general says health officials are in " desperate need of clarity " about e - cigarettes . specifically , they need guidelines on whether they’re for " douchebags " or " a * * hats . " 
at her confirmation hearing today , attorney general nominee loretta lynch declared that waterboarding is " torture . " then she said , " but it’s still not as bad as the new johnny depp movie . " 
after a string of flops , johnny depp reportedly wants new management . apparently , he’s firing his agent , nicolas cage . 
the sundance film festival is taking place right now in park city , utah , and reports say this one features a lot of diversity . then again , in utah , diversity is defined as " a lutheran with a tan . " 
taiwan is set to open a sex - themed amusement park . you can tell it was inspired by disneyland , because one of the attractions is " mr . toad’s unprotected ride . " 
in ireland , a drunk man was caught on video having a fight with a lamppost . people who saw the video say the big loser in the fight was ireland . 
during a speech in iowa , sarah palin said , " the man can only ride ya when your back is bent . so strengthen it . then the man can’t ride ya . " then she debuted her new campaign slogan , " i’m batshit crazy . " 
health officials are saying the number of measles cases that originated at disneyland continues to grow . which is why this year , after the game , the super bowl mvp is going to shout , " no friggin ' way am i going to disneyland . " 
it’s been predicted that americans will consume 1 . 2 billion chicken wings on super bowl sunday . and then after breakfast , they’ll tune into the super bowl . 
experts say this super bowl sunday could also be the second biggest day of the year for drinking beer . of course the biggest beer drinking day is a tie between st . patrick’s day and the 6th day of hanukkah . nobody has any idea why . the jews just go crazy on that day . beer and open flame . 
the super bowl’s a little loaded at my house - i ' m from boston and my wife is from seattle . but ladies and gentlemen , the one thing keeping us together is we both want to do tom brady . 
word is that jeb bush is working on a 2016 campaign slogan . so far the frontrunner is : " vote bush - because it’s been the required 8 years . " 
for the super bowl , i have one of those curved tvs . problem is , it wasn’t like that when i put it in my car . 
sports illustrated laid off all its photographers . good luck finding someone willing to take pictures of hot swimsuits models for free . 
just ruminating on how different my life would be now if my childhood nickname had been " gronk " instead of " there he is - get him ! " 
hot wings , bean dip , 20 dudes in my living room - plans are all set for valentine’s day ! 
yesterday the new england patriots beat the seattle seahawks - and this is true - i’m from boston and my wife is from seattle . so my question tonight is , does anyone have a couch i can crash on ? 
true story : i was watching the super bowl , and for the first hour , i was like , " these guys are just standing around doing nothing ! " and then one of my kids told me i had forgotten to turn off " madden 2015 . " 
from now until valentine’s day , mcdonald ' s will be accepting payment in hugs . this is great news for anyone who hasn’t heard about the measles outbreak . 
yesterday , a man was arrested for attempting to get into the white house . luckily , the man was intercepted after taking advice from seahawks coach pete carroll . 
on friday night , chris christie and mitt romney met for dinner . afterwards , romney said , " it’s the first time i couldn’t afford to pick up the check . " 
presidential hopeful mike huckabee said homosexuality is a lifestyle choice , like drinking and swearing . he said , " the last time i got drunk , i swear i had gay sex . " 
charles manson’s wedding has been called off . when asked why , manson said , " i had to listen to my heart , not the voices in my head . " 
the creator of the birth control pill has passed away . he leaves behind a wife and two kids he never wanted . 
boston postponed a victory celebration for the new england patriots due to a record - breaking winter storm . the storm was originally supposed to hit seattle , but at the last second new england jumped in the way . 
a group of parents in southern california are angry after a boy scout hiking trip went through a nudist beach . on the bright side , all the kids pitched a tent in record time . 
the left shark who completely forgot its dance routine in katy perry’s halftime show has become a star on social media . and the right shark has begun a slow descent into heroin addiction . 
on sunday , kanye west was angry because fans at the super bowl tried to take selfies with him . he was also angry because people seemed to be watching some " non - kanye - thing " down on the field . 
presidential hopeful jeb bush admitted that he smoked " a notable amount of pot in school . " he said , " you would too , if your parents named you ' jeb . ' " 
the author of " to kill a mockingbird " is publishing her second novel after a 55 - year hiatus . this one’s entitled : " mockingbird 2 : mock harder . " 
queen elizabeth said that she will not bring any more corgi dogs home to buckingham palace because they pose a tripping hazard . this was immediately deemed the whitest problem in the history of the world . 
the united kingdom could soon become the first country to legalize babies that were born using the dna of 3 people . in a related story , andy , myself and ryan gosling have a big announcement to make . 
in the united kingdom , a man underwent 31 plastic surgeries to make himself look like a human ken doll . but correct me if i’m wrong , but to look like a ken doll , don’t you only have to have one surgery ? 
tom brady said he wants to give the truck he was given as the super bowl mvp to the guy who won the super bowl for the patriots . so brady is giving his truck to seahawks coach pete carroll . 
it just came out that two men from ireland snuck into the super bowl and sat in seats valued at $ 25 , 000 . apparently , they were able to sneak in because they were dressed as dancing sharks . 
a budweiser clydesdale was born on sunday just minutes before the budweiser puppy commercial aired during the super bowl . yeah , but more shocking , it then drowned in a bathtub during the nationwide ad . 
this week , hillary clinton tweeted , " the earth is round , the sky is blue , and vaccines work . " in response , mike huckabee said , " she lost me at ' the earth is round . ' ' 
the ceo of disney has said that the disneyland measles outbreak has had no effect on park attendance . the ceo of disney said , " those dumb bastards just keep on coming . " 
staples has agreed to buy office depot for six billion dollars . the funny thing is they just popped in there to buy envelopes…and then they got carried away . 
a woman in wisconsin was asked to leave a mcdonald’s because other customers felt unsafe around her therapy kangaroo . so the woman had to leave before she could buy her hoppy meal . 
the surgeon general has come out in favor of medical marijuana . he ' s also asking that his title be changed from " surgeon general " to " doctor goodvibes . " 
bruce jenner has agreed to do his first television interview about his gender transitioning . the interview will begin on espn , and end on the oxygen network . 
johnny depp is getting married this weekend . it’ll be a small wedding , just the people who saw " mordecai . " 
a new study just came out , and it says that exercising too much can be just as unhealthy as not being active at all . the study was conducted by me , after two and a half pushups . 
today , house speaker john boehner said the republican party will no longer stand in the way of gay marriage . then boehner said , " now can i go to elton john’s oscar party ? " 
republicans in congress have unveiled a new alternative to obamacare . it’s called " dying . " 
brian williams has admitted he embellished a story about being in a helicopter that was shot at in iraq . williams says the helicopter part was true , but it was a coin - operated helicopter outside of a chuck e . cheese . 
brian williams could be in a lot of trouble at nbc , but i’m not worried - he’s getting advice from his daughter allison on how to survive a chewing - out . 
today the pope revealed he doesn’t know how to use a computer . which is ironic , because he’s the one guy in the world who doesn’t have to worry about clearing his internet history . 
over 100 native american tribes have expressed interest in growing marijuana . this is according to native american spokesman , " chillaxing eagle . " 
researchers have found a way to let smartphones test for stds . here’s how it works , if you’ve downloaded the tinder app , you probably have an std . 
scientists have discovered that a 5 , 000 year old mummy is covered with at least 60 tattoos . scientists are calling him the earliest known member of the nba . 
the upcoming " fifty shades of grey " movie will contain 20 minutes of sex scenes . that’s six more than " the spongebob movie . " 
i can’t believe i didn’t win the super bowl office pool with the numbers i drew , ½ and pi . 
i don’t know about you , but i always set my doomsday clock five minutes ahead . 
my trainer says he can get me in " hemsworth brother after a bout with mono " shape . 
just found out my audition tape for " magic mike " was immediately sent over to " tragic mike . " 
looking back on my life so far , i’m proud to say i’ve only committed speakable horrors . 
i ' m shocked . back when brian williams and i killed osama bin laden , he seemed like an honest guy . 
the author of " 50 shades of grey " has finished her next book . but she won’t release it unless you say the safe word . 
at the grammys , kanye west jumped onstage and interrupted when album of the year was announced . which , of course , means six more weeks of winter . 
last night at the grammys , audience members reported smelling a lot of marijuana in the audience . which may explain why the grammy for best song went to the jingle for hot pockets . 
brian williams won the grammy for best spoken word in the fiction category . at least i think he did - that’s what he told me . 
at the grammys last night , madonna appeared on stage dressed as a matador . that’s right , madonna and matadors , two things that were big in the last century . 
it was bob marley’s 70th birthday this past friday , and on that day , jamaica decriminalized possession of marijuana . still no word if anyone in jamaica has tried it yet . 
to woo republicans , and to woo republican members of congress specifically , president obama is giving them rides on air force one . he said , " i like seeing the look in their eyes when they realize the earth isn ' t flat . " 
the inventor of the soy sauce dispenser bottle has passed away . well , he actually died months ago , but was just found in the back of the fridge . 
an old pair of shoes once owned by justin bieber has sold on ebay for $ 50 , 000 . and i’ll be honest - they’re a little tight on me . 
despite the brian williams lying scandal , the nbc nightly news led in the ratings last week . although i should note , those figures were reported by brian williams . 
there is a rumor that nbc is going to have tom brokaw fill - in temporarily as nbc news anchor . when asked why brokaw , a network spokesperson said , " because the only other nbc icon we have from the ‘80s is bill cosby . " 
louisiana’s governor bobby jindal is indian - american , and people are saying his new official portrait makes him look more white . they didn’t change his skin color , they just painted him at a hockey game riding a segway . 
this weekend , the movie " fifty shades of grey " opens . the movie lasts 125 minutes - unless you say the " safe word . " 
some hardware stores are stocking up on rope and duct tape in anticipation of the movie " fifty shades of grey . " apparently , tying your boyfriend up is the only way to get him to go see " fifty shades of grey . " 
it ' s been reported that beyoncé wore $ 10 million worth of jewels to the grammys . when asked why , beyoncé said , " i didn’t want to bring the good stuff . " 
it’s been reported that samsung’s new smart tvs could be listening to your conversations . the televisions are only listening to us because they too are getting bored with " downton abbey . " 
two members of the village people are in court to battle over who wrote some of their big hits like " ymca . " it’s the landmark case of " cop vs . indian chief . " 
a new poll just came out and it shows brian williams has fallen from # 23 to # 835 on the most trustworthy celebrity list . this puts him right between kanye west and voldemort . 
nbc has suspended brian williams for six months without pay . williams said he’s not worried , because soon his veteran’s benefits will kick in . 
a new report says last year , colorado collected $ 44 million in marijuana taxes . unfortunately , they can’t remember where they put it . 
charles manson has officially broken off his engagement to his 27 - year - old fiancée . when asked why , manson said , " her mother was a total psycho . " 
kanye west just ran up , grabbed my " world’s greatest dad " mug , and gave it to a more deserving recipient . 
i think master chef jr . might be fixed . they just showed a close - up of a kid ' s hand , and it had liver spots and a wedding band . 
saw the " fifty shades of grey " movie . it’s 90 minutes of some half - naked guy searching for a tiny handcuff key . 
puerto rico may fine parents up to $ 800 if their kids are obese . well , puerto rico , i guess you ' re not interested in statehood . 
i may have just swallowed a candy heart with a stent . 
i put the " erectile fun " in " erectile dysfunction . " 
yesterday , i returned from cuba , and then today , house democratic leader nancy pelosi arrived in cuba . which explains why today , the cuban government asked america to , " please stop sending us your ambiguously female celebrities . " 
i had an amazing experience in cuba , the people there are absolutely fantastic , but i do have to say it’s very nice to be back home in front of all you capitalist pigs . 
a new book about president obama is coming out , and it reveals that he can have a very short temper . in fact , originally his campaign slogan wasn’t " yes we can , " it was , " come at me , b * * * * . " 
surveyors announced that the washington monument is 10 inches shorter than what’s been recorded . of course , the monument is blaming the shrinkage on the cold weather . 
there’s a new device that allows airline passengers to completely isolate themselves from their rowmates . the device is called " a baby . " 
there is a rumor that the san diego chargers might move to los angeles . the chargers could be here for the 2016 season , or the 2017 season depending on traffic . 
he ' s going to be okay , but in a glasgow movie theater showing " fifty shades of grey , " a man was attacked by three rowdy women . the police handcuffed the women , so their plan worked perfectly . 
in california , parents are complaining that a drive - in movie theater showed " fifty shades of grey " on a big screen right next to " the spongebob movie . " they knew something was wrong when kids started asking , " what is that lady doing to squidward’s tentacle ? " 
jeb bush’s mother , barbara bush , has given her son her blessing to run for president . so now jeb’s campaign slogan is , " my mommy said i could . " 
the westminster dog show was won by a beagle named miss p . meanwhile , the dog in second place was heard complaining , " whose crotch did she have to sniff ? " 
after a bunch of security breaches , president obama has appointed a new head of the secret service . the secret service director was so excited , he jumped over the white house fence for joy . 
the restaurant chain saladworks has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy . analysts attribute the failure to it being " a salad restaurant located in america . " 
the usda has approved the first genetically modified apples that don’t turn brown after being sliced open . the no - browning apples are being called " groundbreaking , " " revolutionary , " and " slightly racist . " 
an executive at apple helped design the lightsaber for the new " star wars " film " the force awakens . " in fact they’ve already had to rename the movie : " the force awakens , unless the battery’s been on for 4 hours . " 
the makers of a pill to boost women’s libido is trying a third attempt at approval after two rejections . it’s designed for guys who are also making a third attempt after two rejections . 
' 90s rapper vanilla ice has been arrested on burglary charges . ice’s lawyers say they can prove their client’s innocence , but not his relevance . 
oscar host neil patrick harris said he hopes that the broadcast on sunday will include a " kanye moment . " unfortunately , a kanye moment may not be possible , because that would require there to be a black person at the oscars . 
a year after mispronouncing idina menzel’s name , john travolta will again be presenting an oscar . travolta said , " i’m very excited to introduce the star of ' the imitation game , ' benadryl cumberb * * * * . " 
yesterday , during his speech on national security jeb bush mispronounced " boko haram " and got confused between iran and iraq . when reached for comment , his brother george w said " he sure sounds presidenciary to me . " 
a un report says the world can be saved from destruction through veganism . so that’s not happening . 
starbucks has just launched a home delivery service . it ' s perfect for anyone too lazy to walk one block in any direction . 
experts now say there are two kinds of sexuality - monogamous and promiscuous . or as they ' re known - female and male . 
a chair - throwing brawl erupted in the turkish parliament . the session was eventually called to order by turkish prime minister jerry springer , so everything’s fine . 
a study just came out that found that getting bullied by your brothers is more common than getting bullied at school . the study was conducted at my house in the ' 70s . 
little caesar’s just introduced a giant deep - dish pizza with a crust wrapped in 3 feet of bacon . two hours ago , pizza hut surrendered . 
in florida , a naked woman on drugs stopped at an intersection and then masturbated on the hood of a car . police arrived on the scene , watched for 40 minutes , and then arrested her . 
last night , alejandro gonzalez iñárritu won best director and best picture for " birdman . " i don’t have a joke here , i just wanted to impress you with my sensual pronunciation of “alejandro gonzalez iñárritu . ” 
winners at the oscars drew attention to racial injustice , equal pay for women , and immigration reform . unfortunately , they were each played off with the song , " everything is awesome . " 
during her acceptance speech last night , patricia arquette called for equal pay for women . then , oprah stood up and said , " she’s right , i can’t live like this . " 
" interstellar " won the oscar for best visual effects . i thought the effects were incredible - they actually made it look like matthew mcconaughey understood physics . 
donald trump commented on last night’s oscars , and said , " it was a great night for mexico - as usual , " in this country . today , mexicans who have it great in this country were unavailable to comment because they were working their third job . 
during his acceptance speech , the winner for best supporting actor , jk simmons , told everyone to call their parents . i tried to call my parents , but they were at the movies watching " fifty shades of grey . " 
if congress can’t agree on funding by friday , tsa workers may have to work without pay . the head of the tsa said , " that’s okay , we don’t do for money - we do it to see what your junk looks like . " 
jay - z and beyoncé are in the news because they’re renting a house in los angeles for $ 150 , 000 per month . the house was renting for $ 2 , 000 per month , until the landlord got a rental application from jay - z and beyoncé . 
nicolas cage is going to be starring in a film based on edward snowden . cage said he’s perfect for the role , since he knows what it’s like to go into hiding after doing something people don’t like . 
today , each krispy kreme franchise is giving away a free donut to its first 1 , 000 customers . unfortunately , it’s not going well since the first customer is still stuck in the door . 
the new james bond movie in production features the oldest ever bond girl . which explains why he spends a lot of the movie repeating , " i said bond , james bond . " 
a blind man in minnesota has received a bionic implant allowing him to see his wife for the first time in 10 years . then after she went to bed , he went on the internet and looked at porn . 
apple’s next iphone update will include 300 new racially - diverse emojis . they’re adding one african american emoji and 299 white emojis who brag about having a black friend . 
some people are saying that bill o’reilly exaggerated his war experience in the 1980 ' s . people became suspicious because o’reilly says he was injured in the east coast - west coast " rap wars . " 
a few days after rudy giuliani said that president obama doesn’t love america , wisconsin governor scott walker said he doesn’t know if obama is a christian . when reached for comment , president obama said , " guys , you know i can’t run in 2016 , right ? " 
disneyland just raised its ticket prices to $ 99 a day for kids over 10 . however , kids with measles still get in free ! 
a new study suggests that a dishwasher may increase a child ' s risk of developing allergies . so the message is clear , stop washing your kids in the freakin’ dishwasher . 
the ku klux klan is upset that same sex marriage has been legalized in alabama . the klan said , " having two guys dress in white and party on the lawn - that’s our thing . " 
a new study came out and it claims muscular men make the worst boyfriends . come to think of it , i was kind of a jerk back in the day . 
just gave my daughter " the talk , " where i explain that one day , joe biden might place his hands on her shoulders . 
now that those new , untouched photos of beyoncé have surfaced , the truth is out : i am the one they call beyoncé . 
that unreleased book by dr . seuss they just discovered proves that " fifty shades of grey " was completely plagiarized . 
over the weekend , a fire broke out at disneyland . witnesses said the fire at disneyland spread " like measles at disneyland . " 
ufc champ ronda rousey beat her opponent in 14 seconds . a former nfl player said that if he had eight weeks to train , he could beat ronda rousey in a fight . when they heard , the nfl said , " not helping . " 
a man posted a youtube video of himself taping mentos to his entire body and then jumping into a bath of coke zero . so it’s been another productive week for joe biden . 
a nebraska man was arrested after police found a container of marijuana in his car labelled " not weed . " the man’s been found not not guilty . 
to honor leonard nimoy , canadians have been sketching spock’s eyebrows , hair , and ears onto their five - dollar bill all across canada . as a result , canadians will now be called canerdians . 
ikea has announced they’re going to come out with furniture that can charge your electronic devices . next up for ikea : furniture that will last more than two years . 
starbucks announced that it will soon start producing documentaries . in response , a furious netflix said , " fine , we’re going to start streaming coffee into your living room . " 
in new york , a couple who’s been married 82 years celebrated a joint birthday together . isn’t that nice ? the theme of the party was , " who are you again ? " 
yesterday , justin bieber turned 21 years old . justin started celebrating on saturday five years ago . 
hillary clinton is in trouble for conducting state department business on private email . meanwhile , bill clinton is in trouble for conducting all his business on snapchat . 
analysts say that president obama and the israeli prime minister have different world views . for example , netanyahu sees that dress on the internet as blue and black . 
last week , presidential hopeful jeb bush said he supports a path to citizenship for immigrants . he said , " i believe in an america where hard work and dedication can lead to any job that your brother and dad once had . " 
china will soon begin casting for its own version of " saturday night live . " apparently it ' s so much like snl , even the chinese version won ' t have any asian performers . 
a new report says the nation’s air traffic control system may be vulnerable to hackers . one suspicious sign it’s been hacked is if your delta flight appears to be taking off on time . 
it was reported today that edward snowden may return to the us . he’s going to carpool with julian assange and roman polanski . 
two california teachers have been charged with having sex with students and giving them cocaine . on the plus side , the students involved had perfect attendance . 
a new study reveals that only 2% of men have a penis size that is considered " abnormally small . " so ladies , if a guy tells you he’s in the top 2% , ask him to elaborate . 
psychologists have found that going to sleep early may help ward off mental illness . in other words , if you stayed up late to watch my show you’re insane . 
a chinese family was kicked off a flight to hong kong because their three - year - old wouldn’t sit in his seat . as a result , the three - year - old missed his first day of work . 
the dating app , tinder , launched a premium service with something called " unlimited liking capability . " until now , the only other product that gave you " unlimited liking capability " was beer . 
in a recent speech , pope francis called money , " the devil’s dung . " by the way , the devil’s dung is also the name of the pope’s garage band . 
a new study just came out and it says dogs have trouble remembering specific events from their past . which makes sense , because you might want to forget that you spent most of your life licking your balls . 
a seattle doctor was suspended after he was discovered sexting during surgeries . here’s a tip , if you’re going to send a dick pic , make sure it’s yours . 
i’m sorry that boston has had so much snow this winter , but i’m happy the arby ' s sandwich i left in my parents ' backyard is still good . 
mcdonald’s new ceo wants to change it into a " modern , progressive company " - so burger king says it’s planning to transition to a democracy . 
a tech company demonstrated a drone that is controlled directly by the user ' s brain . it was part of the 2015 " what could go wrong ? festival . " 
marshawn lynch is still trying to trademark the phrase " i’m just here so i won’t get fined . " where does he get off stealing my wedding vow ? 
if i were a mobster , my nickname would be conan " murdered immediately " o’brien . 
for the first time ever , gay people were allowed to march in boston ' s st . patrick ' s day parade . and as a lot of guys in boston feared , it turned everyone wicked gay . 
yesterday was the la marathon . it’s the only time of year you see someone running the streets of los angeles when it’s not the end of a car chase . 
in new hampshire , tea party candidate and presidential hopeful ted cruz had to comfort a little girl who got scared during his campaign speech . however , the little girl felt much better after cruz reassured her he doesn’t have a chance in hell . 
people are still angry about the threatening letter written by a republican congressman to iran . also not helping was that republicans started the letter , " dear iran or iraq - we can never keep you two straight . " 
vladimir putin appeared in public for the first time after a mysterious 10 - day absence . putin said , " it took me that long to recover from the finale of ' the bachelor . ' " 
saturday was 3 / 14 , or as otherwise known , international pi day , where the world celebrates the mathematical concept of pi . americans said , " you lost me at ' math , ' but you got me back at ' pie . ' " 
it’s being reported that , because of the birth of his baby daughter , chris brown has decided to stop calling women " hoes " in his music . he said he’s going to go with the more traditional term , " b * * * * * . " 
today is st . patrick’s day . so to all my irish - american viewers , i want to offer the traditional st . patrick’s day greeting : " please hand over your car keys right now . " 
the prime minister of ireland will be celebrating st . patrick’s day at the white house . so finally , the secret service agents will have a drinking buddy . 
for a charity event in may , mitt romney is going to box against former heavyweight champion evander holyfield . romney said , " it’s time to get my a * * kicked by a different black guy . " 
texas senator ted cruz said if elected president , he would abolish the department of education . but not to worry - he promised to replace it with the less expensive bureau of book learnin’ . 
officials in indiana have discovered a working meth lab inside a walmart . people became suspicious when they noticed a walmart employee making a decent living . 
doctors have reported the number of vasectomies in this country increase by up to 50% during march madness . so i guess for some guys , the final four refers to their sperm count . 
starbucks is encouraging its baristas to talk to customers about race . so far , most of the race conversations end up with black customers saying , " no , i don’t want to buy a josh groban cd . " 
it’s rumored that arnold schwarzenegger’s son is cheating on his girlfriend , miley cyrus . after hearing about it , arnold said , " that’s my boy . " 
doctors in south africa performed the world ' s first successful penis transplant . now , it’s on the guy’s forehead , but folks , it’s a start . 
president obama apparently filled out his march madness bracket . you can tell obama’s mind is elsewhere because his two top picks were israel and iran . 
president obama has decided he wants his presidential library to be in chicago , not hawaii . today , hawaii’s governor said , " great , who’s going to want to come to hawaii now ? " 
during a recent interview with " playboy , " dick cheney said that president obama is the worst president in his lifetime . meanwhile , subscribers to " playboy " said cheney was the worst centerfold in their lifetime . 
in addition to jeb bush and hillary clinton , it’s now rumored that al gore is gearing up for a presidential run . when asked why , gore said , " because i also have a last name from the ' 90s . " 
a new study has shown that women who get more sleep have better sex . unfortunately , this study was conducted by bill cosby . 
a bill was recently introduced to the nevada state legislature that would allow dogs to use medical marijuana . and folks , you thought dogs loved playing frisbee before . 
in north carolina , a man robbed a bank while dressed as darth vader . he’s believed to be armed and a virgin . 
a group is lobbying to replace andrew jackson’s picture on the $ 20 bill with a picture of a historic woman . so you better get used to saying , " hey , can you break an oprah ? " 
president obama has suggested the idea of making voting mandatory for all americans . then obama watched two minutes of " duck dynasty " and said , " scratch that . " 
the us and iran could reach an agreement by which iran would get rid of 4 , 000 of its uranium - enriching centrifuges . and here’s better news : everyone here tonight is leaving with a free uranium - enriching centrifuge . 
starbucks is being criticized for asking its employees to discuss race issues with customers . just this morning , a barista asked me if i wanted my coffee , " african american , or with a splash of caucasian . " 
texas is considering allowing concealed guns on college campuses . the guns will protect students against anyone trying to rob them , hurt them , or teach them science . 
robin thicke and his wife have been officially granted a divorce . although as it turns out , it’s word for word the exact same divorce agreement once granted to marvin gaye . 
a german town is trying to end public urination by coating walls in the town with a special paint so that your pee splashes back at you . unfortunately it’s not working , because that’s what most german guys are into . 
on this date in ancient rome , caesar was brutally killed moments after inventing the salad . 
i’ve just completed my brackets for march sadness , and it’s preventable famine over plague by six points . 
lately , instead of showering , i just stroll through the perfume department at macy’s . 
disney has confirmed there will be a sequel to " frozen " . in this one , princess elsa moves to boston to see what a real winter looks like . 
just found out " alma mater " is latin for " place where i experimented with my sexuality . " 
period . word order does matter . 
texas senator and tea party favorite ted cruz has announced he’s running for president . he pledged to " lead america boldly forward into the late 1950s . " 
ted cruz just released a presidential campaign video and it’s in spanish . cruz said , " it’s important for me to reach out to the people i’m trying to deport . " 
people are questioning if ted cruz can even legally run for president because he was born in canada . because the last thing we want to do is pave the way for a president bieber . 
facebook has announced that it will no longer allow posts of exposed female breasts . so , if you want to see exposed breasts , you’ll have to look anywhere else on the internet . 
jeb bush’s brother george and his mother barbara are helping with his fundraising efforts . it’s all in keeping with jeb bush’s campaign slogan : " jeb bush : i am my own man . " 
pope francis had a pizza hand - delivered to him in his popemobile . apparently the pope phoned it in and said , " get it to me in 30 minutes or less or you’re going to hell . " 
in an effort to repair its terrible reputation for animal abuse , seaworld has launched a new ad campaign . they hope it does better than their previous slogan : " those dolphins are lying . " 
the fda has approved a potato genetically engineered not to bruise . the scientists are so confident the potato will not bruise , next weekend they’re having it fight manny pacquiao . 
a new study has suggested that a short daytime nap can improve a person’s memory . in fact , you’ll always remember the moment your boss wakes you up and says , " hey sleepy - you’re fired . " 
new research suggests that hugs can prevent people from getting sick . so i just want to say to all the women on my staff , i’m not a creep , i’m trying to save your lives . 
senator ted cruz is running for president and he says he wants to abolish the irs . so today , cruz was endorsed by nicolas cage , wesley snipes , and willie nelson . 
in a new interview , ted cruz says he used to like rock music , but after 9 / 11 , he prefers country . upon hearing this , al - qaeda said , " that was the plan ! " 
canada has announced plans to launch air strikes against isis . of course , in canada , an air strike means dropping pamphlets that say , " sorry to bother you fellas but could you tone it down a bit ? " 
over the weekend , scientists thought they discovered hundreds of never - before - seen dinosaur tracks on a beach in france . however , the scientists later realized that gerard depardieu had just gone for a swim . 
burger king announced that its chicken fries will be served year - round . previously , the chicken fries have only been sold during heart attack season . 
a new article just came out and it states that millennials have terrible conversational skills . when asked for comment , millennials texted a series of crying frownie faces . 
there’s a new reality show on a & e and here’s the idea - it drops couples close to divorce on a deserted island to work things out . the show’s called " double homicide island . " 
in oregon , a man was arrested for blowing marijuana smoke into a baby’s face . the baby’s parents are furious and the baby is like , " whatevs . " 
after years of bashing obamacare , tea party presidential candidate ted cruz just signed up for obamacare . and next week , he plans to get gay married at a planned parenthood . 
this week , president obama and hillary clinton met for one hour behind closed doors . they spent three minutes discussing the 2016 campaign and the rest of the time watching the finale of " empire . " 
a new report says the us faces a severe shortage of doctors . in fact , things got so bad that yesterday a triple bypass was performed by dr . dre . 
the heinz corporation is merging with the kraft corporation to create one of the world’s largest food companies . by the way , the idea to bring together ketchup and mac & cheese was inspired by every meal i cooked in college . 
ford is releasing a new car that’s gonna force drivers to drive at the speed limit . so guys , get ready for the 2016 ford buzzkill . 
nasa’s mars rover has just completed a " marathon , " travelling 26 . 2 miles . and once again , it was beaten by a mars rover from kenya . 
the creator of the super soaker has been awarded $ 73 million in unpaid royalties from hasbro . he had the choice of being paid in increments or having all $ 73 million shot into his face . 
a pitcher for the chicago cubs who was supposed to start a spring training game accidentally drove to the wrong stadium . the cubs pitcher realized he was at the wrong stadium the moment he saw hope in the eyes of a fan . 
one of the sweet 16 teams is notre dame . now i’m sorry , but if i want to watch the fighting irish , i’ll visit my parents . 
in canada , a college basketball player’s last name is the f - word . it’s really fun hearing the announcer describe him taking it to the hole . 
in a new interview , vin diesel said " fast & furious 7 " will win the oscar for best picture . he’s being kept in a hospital overnight for observation . 
a high school student in louisiana has hacked into the school’s computer and changed many grades to a’s . police are on the lookout for a ferris bueller . anyone ? 
mcdonald’s is introducing a big mac clothing line . of course there already is a clothing line for big mac lovers - it’s called a hospital gown . 
according to a new study that just came out , human waste contains gold and other precious metals . in the future , this could make things awkward the next time a cashier asks , " how would you like to pay for that ? " 
the working title of my autobiography is " sex karate maximum : overdrive to glory . " 
it’s almost baseball season . oh boy , i can’t wait for games 150 - 162 . 
i could be wrong , but i think i just saw a commercial without a who song in it . 
if you ever see me at hooter ' s , i ' m just there to judge others . 
it was probably a mistake to pick hogwarts in my march madness bracket . 
i can’t hear " sweet 16 " without thinking of the special party my parents threw for me in high school . 
a baltimore raven published a complex study in a math journal . the nfl suspended him for unsportsmanlike conduct . 
buzzfeed now has a seat in the white house press briefing room . i read about it in their list of 14 sentences that confuse your grandmother . 
the final four is headed to indiana where the state just passed a law that discriminates against gay people . just wait until indiana finds out all those players shower together . 
the anti - gay law in indiana is so bad it could affect the tournament . at the games , the vendors are going to make you explain exactly what you plan to do with that foam finger . 
an ipad used by the pope is being auctioned off for charity . when asked why , the pope said , " i gave up candy crush for lent . " 
the atlanta falcons are coming under fire for pumping fake crowd noise into their stadium during football games . you could tell it was fake , because on the third down , the fans would chant " wheel of fortune ! " 
the ex - governor of maryland , martin o’malley , said " the presidency of the united states is not some crown to be passed between two families . " jeb bush said , " that’s true , it should really just belong to one family . " 
there ' s a new app that helps you find missing dogs using facial recognition technology . there’s also a companion app for dogs to find their owners using crotch - recognition technology . 
apple announced it will only sell the apple watch in the store , by appointment . in a related story , casio announced it will only be selling its watches in a van , behind the chick - fil - a . 
the navajo nation has decided to add a 2% tax on junk food . the junk food tax was opposed by respected navajo leader chief binges on hot pockets . 
california has run out of room to house its death - row inmates . which is why they’re all here in my audience tonight ! 
earlier today , nascar’s chief communications officer said that nascar is disappointed in indiana’s religious freedom law . do you hear that indiana ? you’re not progressive enough for nascar . 
indiana’s governor mike pence said the new religious freedom law is not a license to discriminate against gays . he said , " think of it as more of a ' learners’ permit . ' " 
as of this week , the only state president obama hasn’t visited while in office is south dakota . south dakota residents said they are looking forward to president obama or any black person visiting soon . 
nigeria just held their election and incumbent president , whose actual name is goodluck jonathan , lost the race . he was beaten by his rival , better luck jonathan . 
a kentucky woman has been arrested for giving a one - year - old child beer and rum to celebrate kentucky’s ncaa win . she broke the golden rule of kentucky childrearing : " never mix beer and liquor . " 
in thailand , a man has been sentenced to 25 years in jail for insulting the king on facebook . this does not bode well for next year’s comedy central roast of the king of thailand . 
justin bieber announced he is working with kanye west on a new album . it’s coming out this fall - it’s called " who do you hate more ? " 
indiana’s governor is coming under fire for the new anti - gay law . well guess what - the governor of indiana now says he is not anti - gay . then immediately afterwards , he said , " april fool’s . " 
in indiana , a pizza restaurant is now saying it will not provide pizza for gay weddings . the good news is , only straight people are tacky enough to want pizza at their wedding . 
for the first time , a vegan , gluten - free bakery has opened at disney world . the place is called " it’s a sad world after all . " 
a couple from england won the british lottery for the second time , and the odds of that happening were 283 billion to 1 . so congratulations to prince william and kate middleton . 
a 95 - year - old man has officially become the world’s oldest pilot . he’s also become the first pilot to fly at 25 miles an hour . 
kim kardashian claims she and kanye west are having sex 500 times a day to try and conceive another baby . come on , kim , 500 times a day ? no one has that much videotape ! 
it’s been reported that facebook software can track you even after you quit facebook . which is why facebook now wants to know what the hell you’re doing with that slut pinterest . 
in tennessee , a man sued pizza hut after he allegedly broke a denture biting into an " excessively hard crouton . " which begs the question : who goes to a pizza hut and orders the salad ? 
indiana lawmakers claim they are going to tweak the new law to prove it’s not discriminatory to gays . for example , they’re lifting the ban on " live - tweeting the tonys . " 
yesterday , burger king unveiled its new " whopper " scented cologne . so ladies , if he smells like a whopper , he’s either wearing the cologne or just ate one - either one , he’s a keeper . 
in new york city , a woman gave birth in the back of an uber . even more impressive : the uber app told her , " the baby will be here in 5 minutes . " 
matthew mcconaughey is being paid $ 135 , 000 to make a commencement speech . that works out to $ 4 , 000 per " alright . " 
matthew mcconaughey is being paid $ 135 , 000 to make a commencement speech . that works out to $ 4 , 000 per " alright . " 
the rolling stones have announced a 15 - city tour of north america . mick jagger said it’s the biggest tour they’ve done on a single continent since the stones toured pangaea . 
not sure about seaworld’s new ad campaign " you either see them here or at red lobster . " 
it’s looking like gary , indiana will no longer be a honeymoon destination for gay couples . 
hugh jackman says the next " x - men " movie will be his last time playing wolverine . your claws await , dame judy dench . 
i hope you don’t mind that i made you say " jambalaya " to yourself . 
on easter , the pope asked for peace in the middle east . because if there are two groups the pope has pull with , it ' s jewish people and muslims . 
today was the annual easter egg roll on the white house lawn . usually when you see something rolling on the white house lawn it’s a drunk secret service agent . 
it’s just been discovered that jeb bush listed his ethnicity on his 2009 voter registration form as hispanic . when asked why , jeb said " it was the only way i could vote for the latin grammys . " 
on saturday , after losing to wisconsin , kentucky fans went into the streets and started burning things . meanwhile , wisconsin fans went out and started frying things and covering them in cheese . 
indiana ' s tourism bureau is working very hard to restore its reputation after the anti - gay law controversy . i think they’re going about it the wrong way , because they put up signs on the border that say : " indiana welcomes sodomites ! " 
tea party senator rand paul revealed that his presidential campaign slogan is " defeat the washington machine . unleash the american dream . " then he introduced his speechwriter , eminem . 
it ' s come out that the nsa monitors online porn , because some terrorist groups used it to send encrypted messages . so basically next time your wife catches you watching porn , just say " it’s not what you think , i’m hunting terrorists . " 
in dubai , plans are underway for a " hunger games " theme park . it’s an interesting park , you show up with your kids and you leave without them . 
a woman served her husband with divorce papers on facebook . seconds later , her husband celebrated on grindr . 
on opening day at wrigley field , the lines were so long for the men ' s bathroom , that many fans were forced to pee in cups . which is as close to number one as cubs fans are ever going to get . 
election officials say that in 2016 it may be possible to vote for the president on your smartphone . so with one quick swipe you can choose a president and tell him or her exactly where you want to hook up . 
burger king announced that they’re gonna pay for the wedding between an actual couple named mr . burger and ms . king . however , their wedding night will be all about in - n - out . 
the top 15 contenders for the republican presidential nomination own at least 40 guns among them . in other words , if we elect a republican president , nobody is hopping over the white house fence . 
former vice president dick cheney has a new book coming out that slams president obama . you can buy the book from amazon , or download the electronic version directly from cheney’s heart . 
somebody in utah has come down with a rare allergy to water . the person’s going to be fine though , because they just moved to california . 
california governor jerry brown recently said that californians could be fined for taking long showers . then he unveiled his new slogan : " governor jerry brown : i’m watching you shower . " 
baseball is back , and this season there are new rules in place to speed up the game , make it faster . rule number one , the players can’t take steroids but they must take meth . 
there’s a new stamp that depicts beloved poet maya angelou , the only problem is it includes a quote that is not hers . apparently , maya angelou never said , " bitches be crazy . " 
nbc is airing a series about the biblical events following the crucifixion of jesus . i think they might be stretching the story for ratings , because it’s called " jesus 2 : payback time . " 
presidential candidate rand paul said mitt romney’s defeat proves that safe candidates can’t win and that a candidate needs to take big chances . so about an hour ago rand paul announced his running mate will be suge knight . 
the campaign to put a woman on the $ 20 bill has been narrowed to four finalists . the four finalists are rosa parks , harriet tubman , eleanor roosevelt , and flo from the progressive ads . 
california may force the city of beverly hills to cut its water use by up to 35% . so yet another tough break for beverly hills farmers . 
a new school textbook in north korea claims kim jong - un learned to drive at the age of three . apparently the other thing he learned to do at the age of three was cut his own hair . 
someone has launched balloons carrying thousands of copies of the film " the interview " over north korea . north koreans are now waiting for balloons carrying dvd players and electricity . 
mcdonald’s has announced plans to unveil even larger hamburgers . they’ve also announced plans to widen their doors and reinforce their floors . 
the nfl has hired its first full - time female referee . it should work out great , because if there are two things nfl players respect , it’s authority and women . 
there are now reports that by next year , los angeles could have two professional football teams . it’ll be just like that time we had more than one professional basketball team . 
a new book is coming out in which a former white house staff member reveals there was tension between bill and hillary clinton . the book is called , " shit everybody knows . " 
in a recent interview , michelle obama said that the secret service taught malia how to drive . in exchange , malia taught the secret service how to throw a party when her parents are away . 
senator rand paul’s announcement that he’s running for president has been pulled from youtube because he used a copyrighted song without permission . apparently , rand paul doesn’t own the rights to the song , " a snowball’s chance in hell . " 
a new survey found that chipotle is one of the most popular locations to take a first date . it’s also one of the most popular locations to break up if he’s still taking you to chipotle after the fourth date . 
a survey found that the most popular first date destination is starbucks . the survey reveals there isn’t a second date if the guy says , " grande , i’ll show you a grande . " 
there is talk of a " mad men " spin - off , i can’t wait for " better call joan . " 
can’t wait to say " hold on - scrolling , " when someone asks me for the time on my apple watch . 
whose ass do i have to kiss to get in the new " human centipede " movie ? 
the top 15 gop presidential hopefuls own at least 40 guns among them . if they don ' t win , they can still make their own " expendables " movie . 
yesterday , hillary clinton made the big announcement we all knew was coming . that’s right - she’s going to join the all - female cast of " ghostbusters . " 
over the weekend , president obama had a historic meeting with cuba’s raúl castro . the two didn’t plan to meet , but you never know who you’re going to bump into at coachella . 
hillary clinton released a video announcing her candidacy for president featuring a gay couple . then an hour later , bill clinton watched a very different video featuring a gay couple . 
hillary clinton is now driving from new york to iowa . it’s being called " the least exciting spring break trip in history . " 
people are already trying to figure out what to call bill clinton if hillary is elected president . so far , the most popular choices are " the first man , " " the first husband , " and " that naked guy running across the south lawn . " 
marco rubio is running for president and his wife is a former miami dolphins cheerleader . in other words , she knows how to generate fake enthusiasm for someone who’s not going to win . 
it has been reported that florida senator marco rubio graduated high school with a 2 . 1 grade point average . or , as it’s called in florida , graduating with honors . 
scientists have located the section in the brain responsible for sarcasm . the scientists said " isn’t that just the most important scientific breakthrough ever ? " 
a new report came out , it says dogs can sniff out prostate cancer with almost 98% accuracy . the report also finds that cats can sniff it out with 100% accuracy , but they prefer to watch you die . 
on sunday hillary clinton announced she ' s running for president , and yesterday marco rubio announced he’s running for president . i might throw my hat in the ring , anyone can do it . 
yesterday in ohio , hillary clinton popped into a chipotle and she ordered a burrito bowl with chips and salsa . on her way out she was overheard saying , " well that locks down the hispanic vote . " 
hillary clinton is not the first woman to run for president - that title belongs to victoria woodhull who ran in 1872 . her running mate was a young , scrappy john mccain . 
president obama has announced that next month he’s gonna visit his 50th state , south dakota . obama’s exact words were , " let’s get this shit over with . " 
the olive garden has announced that it’s providing tablet computers at every table . next up is an even more ambitious plan : providing italian food in every olive garden . 
jeb bush just welcomed his fourth grandchild . the new bush grandchild is happy , healthy , and will be running for president in 2048 . 
the state of indiana has hired a pr firm to undo the damage from its religious freedom law . i think they may be trying too hard , because today the firm announced the new state motto : " indiana - we’re ok with buttstuff . " 
at coachella this past weekend , justin bieber got into a backstage altercation and was put in a chokehold . just goes to show you , you do not mess with carly rae jepsen . 
a new report claims that disney does not have enough gay , lesbian or bisexual characters in its movies . then olaf the snowman from " frozen " said , " oh yeah - you have no idea where this carrot’s been . " 
hillary clinton is trying an entirely different approach with iowa than the one she tried eight years ago when she lost there . for one thing , she’s not going to start speeches by saying , " hello iowa , or idaho , or whichever one you are ! " 
as of this year , the federal tax code is over 74 , 000 pages long . but stick with it , because after page 72 , 000 it gets really good . 
in his lifetime , marco rubio has identified himself as a mormon , a catholic , and a baptist . rubio plans to address questions about exactly what his religious beliefs are this saturday at his bar mitzvah . 
governor chris christie says if he is president he will crack down on the sale of marijuana . however , that was before he was told it also comes in a brownie . 
former new england patriot aaron hernandez has been convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison . hernandez’s lawyer plans to appeal and try to get his sentence down to two seasons with the new york jets . 
today in new york city , hundreds of fast food workers on strike took to the streets and blocked traffic . if there’s one thing fast food workers know how to do it’s clog a major artery . 
kim kardashian’s new book of selfies will include 23 shots of her butt . the book is called , " hello moon ! " 
the first mcdonald’s opened 60 years ago this week . a mcdonald’s spokesman said , " we’re proud to say that in 60 years our burgers haven’t changed and neither have our workers ' wages . " 
hillary clinton is making income inequality a central theme in her campaign . for example , today she pointed out that her husband makes $ 300 million a year and she has to get by on $ 200 million a year . 
marijuana growers are complaining that they can’t write off a single expense thanks to federal law . apparently , someone tried to claim the phish tour as his " home office . " 
southwest airlines has widened its seats by almost one inch . i don’t think it’s gonna help , because during the announcement , americans widened their asses by over ten inches . 
a wisconsin woman recently got a high school diploma at the age of 103 , and said she is now considering going to college . friends are recommending a two - year college . 
a new report shows that the typical tourist in las vegas is a 45 - year - old married person from california . that explains the new motto , " what happens in vegas probably also happens in fresno . " 
a member of the group abba is opening up an abba - themed restaurant where you sing and dance along with the waiters . it’s being called " a great place to take that special someone and finally tell them you’re gay . " 
rand paul is an ophthalmologist who supports legalizing marijuana , making him the only candidate pro 20 / 20 and 4 / 20 . 
the president of armenia met with the kardashians . he asked them to change their name to " o’malley . " 
the ex - governor of rhode island is running for president . you know what they say , " as rhode island goes so goes one county in connecticut . " 
my son wants to play football . i say he goes to prison now and cuts out the middle man . 
of all the candidates jumping into the republican primary , my money’s on stannis baratheon . 
marco rubio opposes gay marriage . he says every religion he’s joined is against it . 
the set of " sesame street " is being updated to reflect the modern times . now everyone is going to live in a trash can . 
i think hillary has spent too much time in new york . she keeps referring to the iowa caucus as the " iowa tuchus . " 
last year , complaints about airlines increased 22% . there were probably more complaints , but the airlines lost them . 
god would have created the earth in just 1 day , but first he decided to " just check " facebook . 
the nba playoffs are underway . or as the lakers call it , " time to golf . " 
in last week’s interview , bruce jenner said he is a woman who is transitioning his body from male to female , and he’s also a conservative republican . bruce said he looks forward to bashing obamacare , as soon as he finishes using it . 
apple has banned fart sound apps from being downloaded to the apple watch . which is why i will be buying the samsung fart watch . 
it’s being reported that one in four americans didn’t exercise at all this past year . when he heard , chris christie said , " hey , maybe i could be president . " 
this supreme court ' s upcoming deliberations on gay marriage have apparently revealed great divisions between justices antonin scalia and anthony kennedy . so i guess their engagement is off . 
according to a un study , the happiest country in the world is switzerland . when asked why they are so happy , swiss people couldn’t answer because their hands were counting money and their mouths were full of chocolate . 
honey boo boo’s mother mama june has announced that she’s bisexual . then someone explained to her that " bisexual " doesn’t mean someone who loves both wendy’s and burger king . 
in england , a 102 - year - old man and a 91 - year - old woman are set to marry and become the world’s oldest newlyweds ever . it’s the only wedding where if the groom gets cold feet , they check his pulse . 
there are reports that leonardo dicaprio has joined tinder . he says the app works almost as well as his old method - going up to any woman and saying , " hi , i’m leonardo dicaprio . " 
over the weekend here in los angeles , justin bieber crashed a high school prom . not only that , he won homecoming queen . 
during supreme court arguments on same - sex marriage today , one of the conservative justices opposed it , on the grounds that they didn’t have gay marriage in ancient greece . as a result , the supreme court has now banned electricity , sushi , and pants for men . 
yesterday , instagram announced that users can now hashtag emojis . so ladies and gentlemen , it’s official , we all learned to read for nothing . 
today , the supreme court arguments regarding gay marriage were interrupted by a man screaming " you will burn in hell . " after calming down , justice scalia said , " sorry , i haven’t had my coffee yet . " 
an anti - gay politician has been caught sending a picture of his penis to another man on grindr . the lawmaker defended himself saying , " i just wanted to show people on grindr what a non - gay penis looked like . " 
due to civil unrest in baltimore , tomorrow’s game between the orioles and the white sox will be played to an empty stadium . when asked for comment , players on the milwaukee brewers said , " you get use to it . " 
pope francis has advised priests not to give boring sermons . which is why the vatican has just arranged for every priest to walk out to the song " y’all ready for this ? " 
a new study reveals 1 / 3 of babies in the us have used a smartphone . and 1 / 3 of babies in china have made a smartphone . 
prince william’s pregnant wife kate middleton is past her due date and doctors may have to induce labor . to speed up the birth , doctors have been telling the baby , " come on out , you’ll never have to work a day in your life . " 
bruce jenner will be getting his own reality show . unfortunately , as a woman , jenner will only be making 70% of what he made on his last reality show . 
girls who play minecraft can finally play it as girls instead of boys . not to be outdone , today , grand theft auto released an update that allows you to shoot a male prostitute . 
pope francis has reportedly advised new priests not to give boring sermons . he’s also telling nuns to start wearing tank tops . 
taco bell is following up its doritos tacos with new taco shells made of fritos . it’s all part of taco bell’s new slogan , " working our way down the stuff you find next to a 7 - eleven cash register . " 
in a speech yesterday , presidential hopeful jeb bush said that he is living the " immigrant experience . " jeb was unable to finish his remarks because just then he jumped into the back of a truck to go build a guy’s deck . 
hillary clinton has come out in favor of body cams . not for police - for husbands . 
a new presidential poll reveals democrats have the edge among voters under 30 . the good news for republicans is that there’s only six people under 30 who actually vote . 
today , the orioles and the white sox played their game in front of a completely empty stadium . it was the first major sporting event to be played for an empty stadium unless you count every professional soccer game in america . 
tomorrow is the start of the nfl draft . this year , it will be simulcast on espn and court tv . 
people are complaining that the new apple watch doesn’t work as well for anyone with a tattoo on their wrist . so : tattoo on your wrist or apple watch - you have to choose which way you want to be a douchebag . 
ford has recalled almost 600 , 000 vehicles for steering problems . owners are being told to bring their cars in as close to the dealership as they can get . 
marvel has a new special edition comic book of " the avengers " written entirely in spanish . although some are complaining that it’s not quite the same when the spanish hulk roars , " hulk no me gusta ! " 
mcdonald’s just announced that they are simplifying their menu to speed up service . when asked why , a mcdonald’s spokesman said , " cause our customers don’t have much time left ! " 
ford just recalled almost one million cars for steering problems and because the doors fly open . which explains chevrolet’s new slogan , " ford just recalled almost one million cars for steering problems and because the doors fly open . " 
this year , north korean dictator kim jong - un has reportedly had 15 of his top officials executed . so the lesson here is , when kim jong - un comes into work with a new haircut , you tell him , " lookin’ good , un ! " 
in oregon , a number of brewers are competing to turn sewer water into beer . the brewers said , " hey , if bud light can do it , we can do it ! " 
there ' s an app for brides that tells the bride when you haven’t purchased a gift yet on their bridal registry . you can download the app from " bed , bitch , and beyond . " 
a student at mit designed a refrigerator that runs on water and sunlight . after hearing this , everyone in california asked , " where the hell did you get the water ? " 
a company has developed a sex toy in which you can store your loved ones ' ashes . so now you know what grandma means when she says , " grandpa lives on in all of us . " 
never thought my wife & i ' d be buying diapers again , but sometimes god gives you a cousin who has to skip town and leaves a monkey behind . 
the new " mad max " was filmed in an arid wasteland . glad to see movie production coming back to california ! 
just saw the red band trailer for " minions " - cute , but a few too many f - bombs for me . 
one of the best pieces of wisdom i’ve ever received : never buy a steak out of someone’s backpack . 
buying your kid a goldfish is a great way to teach them about responsibility for 24 - 36 hours . 
i had an amazing weekend . you want to hear about it ? i caught up on some sleep by watching the mayweather - pacquaio fight . 
back home in the philippines , manny pacquiao is a congressman . which may explain why he didn’t do much of anything the other night . 
neurosurgeon and tea party favorite ben carson announced he’s running for president . as a neurosurgeon who’s also a member of the tea party , carson’s specialty is removing the part of the brain that believes in climate change . 
while on his way to board a flight , president obama gave a fist - bump to a 4 - year - old boy . or , as it was reported by fox news , " president punches child , then flees on private jet . " 
for star wars day , a group of fans made the world’s biggest millennium falcon out of legos . even more exciting , they also set a record for " world’s biggest cry for help . " 
kris jenner now says she feels like her time with bruce jenner " didn ' t exist . " she said , " if only there were some visual record of our family life together . " 
the miller - coors brewing company is being sued for labeling blue moon as a " craft beer . " meanwhile , budweiser is being sued for labeling bud light as “a beer . ” 
according to a new study , men who are funny are better in bed . there’s no punchline here , i just wanted to get the word out on that . 
a florida man is suing a hospital for throwing his right leg away after it was amputated . the hospital says they’re not worried about the lawsuit because the man does not have a leg to stand on . 
today is cinco de mayo . or to use its technical name , " drunko de gringo . " 
according to a new report , hillary clinton’s campaign staff is already worried that bill has become a distraction . in fact , bill clinton’s new secret service code name is " oh jesus , now what ? " 
today , the 89 - year - old queen of england met her new great - granddaughter for the first time . both cried a little , burped , and then fell asleep . 
in new hampshire , a 95 - year - old wwii veteran successfully defended himself against a mugger by hitting him with his cane . the veteran will now face floyd mayweather next saturday on pay - per - view . 
yesterday , chris brown was accused of assaulting a man in las vegas . boxing fans are glad at least somebody got punched in las vegas this week . 
today , kim kardashian was at a barnes & noble in new york signing copies of her new book of selfies . extra security was on hand just in case any real books tried to get too close to kim kardashian . 
over the weekend at dodger stadium , fans cheered a same - sex kiss . afterwards , fans said they’ve never seen a pitcher and catcher do that on the mound before . 
in florida , a man was found guilty of having sex on a beach , and it only took the jury 15 minutes to reach a verdict . the jury foreman said , " much like the defendant , we finished quickly . " 
so many republicans are running for president . mike huckabee is an ordained minister from the same hometown as bill clinton . that’s right , two former governors from arkansas who yell , " oh , god " a lot . 
today secretary of state john kerry visited the small african nation of djibouti . or to use the official diplomatic term , he made a " djibouti call . " 
on mother ' s day , moms who go to hooters can get a free meal with a drink purchase . guys , this is the perfect way to tell your mother she raised a complete asshole . 
the birth certificate of the royal baby lists her parents ' occupations as being the prince and princess of the united kingdom . which i guess sounds better than " unemployed . " 
a holistic doctor has developed a trick that can help you fall asleep in 60 seconds . the doctor says all it takes is $ 99 and a mayweather - pacquiao rematch . 
at monday’s chicago cubs game , a fan ran onto the field and did a somersault at home plate . the cubs didn’t mind , they were just happy to see someone reach home base . 
a retired u . s . olympic athlete said that he pulled out his daughter’s tooth by tying it to a string attached to a javelin and throwing it . after telling this story , he hung up the prison phone and returned to his cell . 
authorities in new york busted a gun - running operation allegedly headed by a 500 - pound gang member nicknamed " wobbles . " the arrest took place on saturday , and yet the strip search of wobbles still goes on . 
on mother’s day , hooters is giving all mothers a free order of 10 hot wings with a drink purchase . i’d take my mom , but i just took her there for easter . 
amazon has just dropped " girl " and " boy " from describing children’s toys . the toys are now all under one category , " crap made in china . " 
there’s a new book coming out to help parents understand the game " minecraft . " and there’s a new update for " minecraft " to help kids understand what " a book " is . 
using forensic technology , experts have created a picture of what they think jesus looked like as a kid . when he saw it , larry king said , " you got the nose wrong . " 
in honor of mother’s day , president obama called three moms . meanwhile , bill clinton called 15 moms and he didn’t know it was mother’s day . 
it’s come out that barbara walters admitted to stealing an artifact from the white house . she said , " i was young and i didn’t think president lincoln would mind . " 
the u . s . unemployment rate is the lowest it’s been in nearly seven years . the job sector that’s seen the most growth lately is in the field of republican presidential candidates . 
a new report just came out and it reveals that new jersey governor chris christie spent over $ 82 , 000 on food at nfl games . christie defended himself , saying , " hey , both of those games went into overtime . " 
a federal appeals court has said the nsa’s monitoring of americans ' landlines was illegal . now the nsa has to settle with the five people who still use a landline . 
fox announced " american idol " will be cancelled next year . to add insult to injury , ryan seacrest was told the bad news by fox executives who spun around in big red chairs . 
the nfl has suspended tom brady for four games over deflategate . they’re going to punish him by making him stay home in his mansion with his supermodel wife and think about what he did wrong . 
mcdonald’s is starting to introduce kale into their salads . mcdonald’s customers heard this and asked " what’s kale and what’s a salad ? " 
the world health organization is advising scientists not to name diseases after places or people . the world health organization made the recommendation after complaints from a miss ebola ann syphilis . 
an australian woman has gone on 136 first dates in 17 months , but never a second date . in other words , she looks nothing like her tinder profile picture . 
scientists have discovered how to restore sight to blind mice . next up , the scientists will try to restore the homes of three little pigs . 
in china , authorities arrested a man for smuggling heroin under his foreskin . the man is going to jail , but his penis is now a huge rock star . 
kim kardashian is being criticized for using too much water to maintain her lawn during the drought . today , kim denied it , saying " ask anyone who knows me , my lawn is completely shaved . " 
is the link to the new " magic mike " trailer a good mother’s day gift ? 
carly fiorina has a great strategy to win the nomination . she’s going to lay off the other candidates . 
look for me in the credits of the new " entourage " movie . i was " lead fedora wrangler . " 
my daughter tricked me into getting her an apple watch by threatening to get a wrist tattoo . 
i don’t care what anyone says , i’m still sleeping in my tom brady pajamas . 
c’mon , republicans , two more presidential candidates and we’ll have an even 100 . 
today is a success . i did not click on a buzzfeed link entitled " 17 ways your talkshow is giving you cancer . " 
still trying to find a problem that cheese can’t fix . 
at a commencement speech over the weekend , george w . bush told college grads that even c students can become president . it was an inspiring speech entitled , " try kinda hard , and have the right dad . " 
president obama has officially joined twitter . just what we needed , another place republicans can block obama . 
south carolina senator lindsey graham is now the seventh republican running for president . if you’re keeping score , that’s basically one republican candidate for every two republican voters . 
new jersey governor chris christie said worrying about nsa surveillance is , " baloney . " then he apologized , saying he thought the question was , " what is currently in your mouth ? " 
over the weekend , russian president vladimir putin scored eight goals during a hockey game . it happened just after he had the goalie executed . 
some experts say that hackers could soon be taking control of commercial airline flights . this raises the shocking prospect of one of them forcing a united airlines flight to depart on time . 
a new poll revealed that over a third of americans have had sex in a public place . the poll was sponsored by the makers of purell . 
in china , a woman gave birth in the bathroom of an internet café , then jumped right back on the computer . she got back on the computer to google , " what just came out of my vagina ? " 
a resort in mexico has opened the world ' s first underwater bar . and shortly afterwards , it became host to the world’s slowest bar fight ever . 
the state department will release 55 , 000 pages of hillary clinton ' s emails . it ' s actually one long email chain with the subject header " where is he ? " 
political analysts say hillary clinton is doing her best to win over millennials . hillary’s telling millennials , if all goes well , she , too , plans to move back into the home where she lived in the 90 ' s . 
a new report says that 80% of sunscreens either don ' t work or have questionable ingredients . in a related story , i don’t have long to live . 
a new article says the republican party is dying - literally , because its voters are so old . which may explain the gop’s new slogan , " avenge meeee ! ! ! ! " 
jeb bush has defended the right of business owners to refuse services for same - sex weddings , he says it’s okay . this has put millions of lesbians in the rare position of being " anti - bush . " 
according to a new survey , 14% of drivers say they use twitter while driving . that explains the popular hashtag # ohshitatruck ! 
kfc is planning to bring back colonel sanders . because if there’s one thing that’ll bring america together right now , it’s an old white guy dressed like a plantation owner . 
a starbucks employee has been fired after being caught on video berating a customer . luckily , someone quickly calmed him down with a nearby josh groban cd . 
researchers are working on a method that lets you have virtual reality sex . the researchers say we will know they’ve perfected it when we don’t hear from them for three months . 
by 2020 , the minimum wage in los angeles is gonna be raised to $ 15 dollars an hour . which , by the way , is great news for the members of my band . 
first lady michelle obama has posted an exercise video of her beating up a punching bag . but don’t worry - vice president biden is going to be okay . 
president obama has set a guinness world record as the fastest person to get a million twitter followers . so it’s official , obama now has as many followers as the republicans have presidential candidates . 
according to a new survey , roughly a quarter of drivers reported using facebook while driving . this explains the hottest new thing being posted on facebook : " last selfies . " 
snoop dogg said his choice for president in 2016 is hillary clinton . yeah , snoop said , " you’d have to be a lot higher than me to vote for ted cruz . " 
documents seized from osama bin laden’s compound suggest he was concerned about climate change . in other words , a guy who wanted to return the world to the 10th century was still more progressive than fox news . 
three southwest airlines baggage handlers are accused of smuggling drugs in luggage . officials became suspicious when every single one of the southwest airlines bags made it to its destination . 
in israel , a 65 - year - old woman has given birth to a baby . there’s already some jealously from the baby’s older brother , a retired sheet metalworker . 
you can wear tennis shoes anywhere , but golf shoes are only good for golf and rough sex . 
when i ' m on my death bed , my last words will be , " who the hell put me on this death bed ? " 
my wife and i have an understanding . when a gorgeous model comes on the show , my wife understands i ' ll do nothing . 
la will raise its minimum wage to $ 15 per / hour by 2020 . angelenos making minimum wage said they can’t wait to be able to buy things in 5 years . 
college grads : if you’re looking for work , consider the fast - growing field of " republican presidential candidate . " 
an earthquake hit las vegas . 1 , 200 elvises were all shook up . 
a new study claims coffee fights erectile dysfunction . that explains starbucks ' new slogan , " who wants a grande ? " 
saw " mad max : fury road . " not a lot of priuses in that movie . 
in pennsylvania , an 80 - year - old widow found a 40 - something year old man living in her house . she waited two years then called the cops . 
" gazpacho " is spanish for " no microwave . " 
" or maybe having sex with this robot frees me up to appreciate you for your true qualities . " – every guy very soon 
bruce jenner is on the new cover of " vanity fair " as her new identity caitlyn jenner . this is historic , because caitlyn’s the first woman from that family to appear on a magazine cover fully clothed . 
taco bell says it will now get rid of all artificial ingredients from its menu . a spokesman said , " come in and enjoy tacos made from doritos , just the way grandma used to make ' em . " 
kim kardashian just announced she is pregnant again . kim said it’s been a difficult pregnancy - she wakes up in the middle of the night craving publicity . 
a lawyer from africa wants to marry malia obama in exchange for goats , sheep , and cows . in response , president obama said , " don’t be ridiculous , my daughter isn’t marrying a lawyer . " 
the big movie over the weekend was " san andreas , " it’s a movie about a devastating earthquake that hits california . thanks to its success , it’s going to be followed up by the even more exciting movie , " drought . " 
a new study says record numbers of college students from china are getting expelled from united states colleges for cheating . great - so now chinese students have finally beat americans at the last thing we were # 1 in . 
huge story last week , massive corruption in international soccer . yeah , the first clue was when a soccer team scored a suspiciously high three goals in one game . 
in michigan , the world’s oldest person recently turned 116 . when the president called to congratulate her she said , " tell mckinley i’m busy . " 
in georgia , a hooters waitress donated a kidney to one of the restaurant’s regular customers . just before the transplant , the waitress had to tell the doctors , " hey , my kidneys are down here . " 
presidential hopeful mike huckabee said he wishes he could ' ve been transgender in high school so he could ' ve showered with girls . it’s all in keeping with huckabee’s new slogan , " if this were 1954 i’d be hilarious . " 
the tsa is under fire for major security lapses . because of the security lapses , the tsa has let through pipe bombs , knives , and the last three nicolas cage movies . 
in a recent interview , the pope revealed he doesn’t use the internet and he hasn’t watched television since 1990 . then he announced his plan to make bill cosby a saint . 
it’s being reported that the irs is using computer software that is 13 years old . if you want to complain , send an email to irs @ compuserve - aol - myspace . com . 
in an interview , basketball commentator charles barkley said he ' d like to shoot sports fans who act like jerks . barkley was immediately reprimanded by the nba , and recruited by the nfl . 
an american teenage boy has invented a low - cost robotic arm you can control with your mind . i’d tell you more , but he won’t come out of his room . 
the grateful dead are putting out an 80 - disc live box set . no word yet on which grateful dead song it will be . 
at a fashion award show last night , kim kardashian’s dress caught on fire . but the fire was immediately put out by a fire hydrant that lady gaga was wearing . 
a new report just came out and found that germany is the country with the lowest birth rate . i don’t know why — there’s nothing more romantic than when a husband says to his wife “lassen sie uns ein baby . ” 
a man in texas has opened a male version of hooters featuring buff men in skimpy outfits . the restaurant’s slogan is , " those aren’t breadsticks . " 
cameron crowe has issued an apology for casting emma stone as a part - asian woman in the movie " aloha . " the director also announced that his next film about malcolm x will no longer star benedict cumberbatch . 
a petition is circulating to revoke caitlyn jenner’s 1976 olympic gold medal . the petition was started by the guy who got the silver medal . 
evangelical christian and presidential candidate mike huckabee is coming under fire for making insensitive jokes about being transgender . to make it up to the transgender community , he’s changing his name to mike tuckabee . 
us officials are now investigating former fifa president sepp blatter for corruption . the man is furious , he said , " how dare you sully the name sepp blatter ? you’ve made a fool out of the name sepp blatter ! " 
a new report shows that out of every 54 , 000 google employee , only 2% are black . today , the frustrated ceo said , " well , how do you expect google to search for black job applicants ? " 
facebook has unveiled a new option to let users keep their private information secure . the option is called " sign off of facebook . " 
due to the drought , california is set to impose new water cutbacks this month . for example , men at strip clubs are now only allowed to " make it drizzle . " 
new research suggests that chimpanzees have the ability to cook , and even plan meals . then someone explained that’s not a chimp , that’s guy fieri . 
the christmas - themed town of north pole , alaska has approved marijuana dispensaries . so don’t expect your presents from santa until next april . 
on monday’s episode of " the bachelorette , " abc bleeped the word " clitoris . " now is it me , or are " the bachelorette " contestants ' names getting weirder and weirder ? 
scientists have established that an iconic california redwood is only 777 years old . it’s kind of a funny coincidence , since " iconic california redwood " used to be my porn name . 
i’m going to go see the movie " aloha . " i’m dying to know if it ends with a hello or a good - bye . 
my self - driving car sure does like wendy’s drive - thrus . 
i had to suspend andy for 4 shows for knowingly deflating my hair . 
hey can someone send me an oculus rift vr headset ? i finally want to try parasailing . 
some people think it’s weird that i maintain full , uninterrupted eye contact while my dog humps my leg . 
rick perry is running for president . he’s hoping with so many candidates people will forget that he’s that rick perry . 
i saw the " entourage " movie and the guy sitting behind me complained that i wouldn’t put on my fedora . 
a house panel has voted to repeal two pieces of obamacare . specifically the words " obama " and " care . " 
this weekend in los angeles , people got to meet famous cats from the internet at the first ever catcon . unfortunately , i couldn’t make it because i’m allergic to sad people . 
due to the drought , california governor jerry brown has cut back on bathing . and as a result , californians have cut back on hanging out with jerry brown . 
yesterday , presidential candidate lindsey graham said caitlyn jenner is " welcome " in the republican party . graham said , " we love everyone who supports drastic cuts . " 
presidential candidate lindsey graham said caitlyn jenner is " welcome " in the republican party . caitlyn jenner said , " thanks , and by the way , the name ' lindsey ' was my second choice . " 
over the weekend , hillary clinton supported raising the federal minimum wage to $ 15 per hour . she said , " every american should be able to afford to attend one of my speeches . " 
senator ted cruz said , if elected president , he would host a cuban pig roast on the white house lawn . of course that would be impossible , because if cruz were elected president , all the pigs would be flying . 
a federal court has ruled that the us postal service must reduce its stamp prices . the change in stamp prices is expected to affect as many as seven americans . 
kim kardashian rented out the staples center for kanye west’s birthday and kanye got to play a basketball game with friends , including justin bieber and 2 chainz . they beat the lakers in overtime . 
yesterday in iowa , just four supporters showed up to eat lunch with republican presidential candidate rick santorum . it’s always a bad sign when your entire voter base can fit in a deli booth . 
if he’s elected president , the unmarried senator lindsay graham said , " we’ll have a rotating first lady . " when asked for comment , bill clinton said , " been there , done that . " 
across the country , some evangelical groups are starting to take a second look at the bible’s stance on gay people . they’re noting that , if you count joseph and god , jesus had two daddies . 
apple has a new smartphone app that lets people track their sexual activity . and if the person hasn’t had any sex in a while , it automatically sets itself to " vibrate . " 
an arizona couple has gotten married in a home depot in the garden section . the wedding was almost called off when the bride caught the groom checking out some hoes . 
in california , a 99 - year - old grandmother has fulfilled her dream of graduating college . the tough part is , now she has to go on job interviews where they ask her , " where do you see yourself in 5 years ? " 
the fda has come one step closer to approving a " viagra for women , " but it will likely come with a warning that it should not be taken with alcohol . of course , up until now , alcohol has been the " viagra for women . " 
next month , colorado is opening its first - ever cannabis - themed resort . activities include . . . no activities , actually . 
some cities that have streets named after bruce jenner are trying to change the streets ' names to caitlyn jenner . and if you live on bruce jenner cul de sac , it will now be called a cul de no sac . 
jeb bush is taking his presidential campaign on a tour of europe . he’s telling europeans , " i like you guys because you’re comfortable having the same family in charge for centuries . " 
hillary clinton is apparently asking people to donate to her campaign , even if all they can afford is one dollar . then bill clinton said , " trust me , i will find a use for a giant stack of singles . " 
if he’s elected president , the unmarried senator lindsay graham said he’ll " have a rotating first lady . " unfortunately , no one knows how to break it to graham that " the rotating first lady " is the first position in the kama sutra . 
a nobel prize winning scientist was asked about female scientists , and he said , " three things happen when they are in the lab : you fall in love with them , they fall in love with you , and when you criticize them , they cry . " his funeral is saturday . 
there is a push for american pharoah to be named sports illustrated ' s " sportsman of the year . " there’s also a much smaller push for american pharoah to be featured in the next swimsuit issue . 
the police are saying one of the escaped convicts in upstate new york is very well - endowed . he’s being described as " armed and . . . woah , that’s not an arm ! " 
one of the escaped convicts in new york is said to be very well - endowed . apparently , 10 to 12 wasn’t just his sentence . 
a copy of the upcoming " 50 shades of grey " sequel has been stolen . police are describing the suspect as " armed " and " your mom . " 
pizza hut has announced it will be unveiling a pizza whose crust is stuffed with hot dogs . it’s the first pizza where they promise to deliver an ambulance in 30 minutes or less . 
the discovery channel is coming out with a follow - up to its reality show " naked and afraid . " this one’s called " sunburned and std’d . " 
taco bell’s ceo says its employees are studying the lingo of millennials to better connect with them . that explains their new menu item , " the doritos los crushing student loan debt taco . " 
porn star jenna jameson has announced that she is converting to judaism . jameson said it’s because she respects its traditions , and because she’s experienced enough pork in her life . 
jeb bush announced he is running for president on snapchat . by using snapchat , bush’s message will disappear after 10 seconds , just like the excitement over his campaign . 
mitt romney essentially called hillary clinton an elitist who doesn ' t believe what she ' s saying . in other words , mitt endorsed hillary clinton . 
senator mark kirk has apologized for joking that presidential candidate and bachelor lindsey graham was a " bro with no ho . " and today , kirk fired his speechwriter , ludacris . 
the two escaped killers are still on the loose , and new york’s governor said they pretty much could be anywhere , even next door . then he said , " sleep tight . " 
the white woman pretending to be african american has resigned from her position in the naacp . she was last spotted walking out of the naacp offices with a box full of her coldplay cds . 
donald trump has announced today he is running for president . which , by the way , traditionally means six more weeks of comedy . 
rachel dolezal , the white naacp leader who claimed for years she was black , made an appearance on " the today show . " i don’t know if she’s learned her lesson , because for the first hour she pretended to be al roker . 
hillary clinton revealed her spotify playlist includes katy perry , kelly clarkson , and jennifer lopez . meanwhile , bill clinton revealed his " to do list " includes katy perry , kelly clarkson and jennifer lopez . 
due to donald trump entering the presidential race , season 15 of " celebrity apprentice " will not air . but not to worry - with trump running for president , you’ll still get to see an irrelevant b - list celebrity not get a job . 
the female prison guard who helped the two convicts escape reportedly had sex with both of them . so now they’re wanted for breaking out of prison , and violating the " bro code . " 
a new study reveals the average american is 33 pounds heavier than the average person in france . after hearing this , gerard depardieu said , " i’m doing all i can . " 
the man who created a popular brand of sex doll is working on a new model that can talk . he’s being accused of " not understanding the main appeal of a sex doll . " 
a man in the uk has invented the " dausage " which is half - donut and half - sausage . he also invented something called " dout " which is half - diabetes , half - gout . 
porn star jenna jameson is converting to judaism . she’s already appeared in her first jewish - themed porno , " diddler on the roof . " 
a county in virginia has just voted to fine people $ 250 every time they use public profanity . so good luck to the fine people living in shitsville , virginia . 
for the first time in over 140 years , a black bear was spotted in indiana . when questioned , the bear said , " actually i just identify as black . " 
political analysts are saying that , as a candidate , donald trump is " a totally unqualified nuisance . " in other words , he is a legitimate contender for the republican nomination . 
in his presidential announcement speech , donald trump pledged to become " the greatest jobs president that god ever created . " this from the man who coined the catchphrase , " you’re fired . " 
donald trump said he has a personal fortune of nearly nine billion dollars . after hearing this , hillary clinton said , " wow , he must give two speeches a day . " 
jeb bush said he’s opposed to gay marriage . jeb said , " when two men have the same last name it shouldn’t be because they’re married , it should be because they and their brother are presidents . " 
rachel dolezal , the white naacp leader who claimed she was black , said there is no biological proof that she’s white . however , today that was disproven by scientists who found wine cooler in her bloodstream . 
planned parenthood has released a smartphone app that lets you order an std test . unfortunately , if you test positive on the app , the smartphone refuses to let you touch it anymore . 
a man in london proposed to his girlfriend using a newspaper crossword puzzle . as a result , she’ll get back to him sometime next week while she’s on the toilet . 
the fda ruled that trans fats , the main ingredient in junk food , have to be off the shelves within three years . great , just as they’re legalizing marijuana , they’re destroying junk food . 
at his campaign launch , donald trump apparently paid extras $ 50 to cheer for him . trump said , " usually when i pay a person to like me , it’s my wife . " 
in las vegas , at a convention of 1 , 200 latino leaders , only one republican presidential candidate chose to show up . even worse , his first words were , " which one of you guys wants to park my car ? " 
rachel dolezal , the former chapter leader of the spokane naacp who pretended to be black , is in talks to have her own reality tv show . it will be called " the amazing changing race . " 
it’s being reported that a king in cameroon has 100 wives . think about it - he has to wait for one hundred women to fall asleep before he can go on the computer . 
chevrolet announced its newest car in a press release written only in emojis . the idea came from chevy’s new ceo , a 16 - year - old cheerleader named amber . 
on father’s day my kids gave me breakfast in bed . all i have to say is , my 9 - year - old makes a mean mojito . 
a national poll of republican presidential candidates shows donald trump at only 1% . however , keep in mind that after spending millions of dollars on ads , trump could double that . 
on marc maron’s wtf podcast the other day , president obama used the n - word . in a related story , the president’s new rap album with 2 chainz drops wednesday . 
a new study reveals the number of americans who are obese outnumbers the number of americans who are merely overweight . so today , the surgeon general said , " we’ve got to get americans back to being just overweight again . " 
general mills announced it will remove all artificial colors from their cereals . so , from now on , trix aren’t for kids , they’re for people who like eating grey balls . 
newly - leaked emails from sony pictures show that there was an agreement between executives to keep spiderman white and straight . however , to please the gay community , " the fantastic four " will now be " the fabulous 4 . " 
fourteen paintings by adolf hitler were sold at an auction in germany . after the auction , the surprised buyer said , " wait a second , it’s that adolf hitler ? " 
the heinz corporation has apologized for a ketchup bottle whose label contained a link to a porn site . then again , ketchup fans are used to seeing something spanked on its bottom just before a big squirt . 
south carolina and mississippi are on the verge of taking down their state capitols ' confederate flags . here’s the surprising part : they’re doing it just because taylor swift told them to . 
senator john mccain is now saying he regrets not opposing the confederate flag when he ran for president . mccain said , " i didn’t oppose the confederate flag because a lot of my school chums fought for the south during the civil war . " 
amazon announced it’s discontinuing selling products with the confederate flag . so now amazon no longer has to use the phrase , " you may also like ' slavery . ' " 
in a recent interview , barbara bush denied that her favorite child is jeb bush . when asked who her favorite child is , she said , " i’m not sure , i just know it’s not jeb . " 
house republicans are trying to ease government regulations on e - cigarettes . they say e - cigarettes are protected under the constitution’s guarantee of " freedom of douchebaggery . " 
dna tests prove that kfc did not serve a customer fried rat . in fact , kfc’s latest ads say , " now with no fried rat ! " 
chevrolet put out a press release about its newest car written only in emojis . ford did the same - unfortunately the emojis were a lemon and a tow truck . 
scientists now believe that the first modern europeans mated with neanderthals . this is the oldest evidence yet of beer goggles . 
a man in germany who is getting divorced has sawed his and his wife’s possessions all in half . those poor , poor children . 
after years of not having it , a mining town in nevada has finally gotten wi - fi . so , for the first time ever , there’s porn in them thar hills . 
ryan gosling has sent a letter to costco urging them to sell only cage - free eggs . the ceo of costco was confused and thought the letter came from an actual gosling . 
marvel has announced a spider - man comic book series in which spider - man will be a biracial teen who is half latino and half african american . and you thought the police were after spider - man before . 
a dna lab has proven that kfc did not , as claimed , serve a customer a fried rat . you can see the test on this week’s exciting episode of " csi : kfc . " 
scientists think they may have discovered a vaccine for chlamydia . currently , the only sure - fire way to avoid getting chlamydia is to wear crocs on a first date . 
according to a new poll that just came out , vladimir putin’s approval rating in russia has reached an all - time high . putin is polling very well among russians who don’t want to be killed . 
queen elizabeth may be forced to vacate buckingham palace while it undergoes renovations . so in accordance with centuries of british royal tradition , that can only mean one thing : road trip ! ! ! 
the craft website etsy has officially banned the sale of confederate flag merchandise . that’s bad news for everyone who was hoping to buy a confederate flag dream journal . 
bobby jindal’s real first name is piyush but he got his nickname because he liked bobby on " the brady bunch . " that explains his campaign slogan , " marcia marcia marcia . " 
bobby jindal announced he’s running for president , and next week , chris christie will announce . that’s right - one guy who’s been to new delhi , and one guy who’s been to every deli . 
bobby jindal is a 44 - year - old indian american whose real first name is piyush . after hearing about it , president obama said , “a young , non - white guy with a crazy name , good luck with that . ” 
a new poll just came out that reveals 55% of republicans are against gay marriage . the poll also found that 30% of republicans support gay marriage , and 15% can’t stop fantasizing about it . 
louisiana govenor bobby jindal announced he’s running for president by releasing a video in which he and his wife tell their kids that he’s running . there was a really cute moment when his youngest son said , " dad , you have no chance . " 
at the chicago cubs game on tuesday , people were surprised when a fan caught a foul ball while feeding his baby . people were shocked - not that he was holding a baby - but because someone wearing a cubs hat caught a ball . 
according to a new survey that just came out , pizza hut ' s new " hot dog pizza " is the second worst pizza in america . which explains their new slogan , " pizza hut - not the worst pizza in america . " 
in japan , a new model of robot named pepper that can sing , dance and tell jokes sold out in just one minute . which can only mean one thing - you can also have sex with it . 
is there anything more delicious than unsweetened… ah , just kidding . 
with " game of thrones " over , now i spend sunday nights imagining my favorite characters on other shows getting killed . 
after donald trump’s derogatory comments about immigrants , nbc has officially cancelled " celebrity apprentice . " think about it , donald trump isn’t even president yet , and he’s already made america a better place . 
donald trump reaffirmed his stance against gay marriage . trump said , " marriage is between a rich guy and his much younger third wife . " 
an advisor to chris christie said that americans are about to see " a lot of who he is . " he’s not talking about christie’s presidential campaign , but christie’s cameo in the new " magic mike " movie . 
the country of greece has closed their nation’s banks today in response to its escalating financial crisis . a spokesperson for greece said , " we’ll bounce back , we’ve just had a rough 2 , 000 years . " 
a lab technician in germany has made a fully - working , laser - firing replica of the " iron man " glove . the story was reported in the " journal of great news if it came from anywhere but germany . " 
a new report just came out and revealed that interns at apple make nearly $ 80 , 000 a year in return for complete confidentiality . this news was leaked by an intern who made $ 79 , 000 . 
at last night’s bet awards , white singer sam smith won the " best new artist " award . this came right after bet announced that it now " identifies as white . " 
nearly 30 years after the original , tom cruise is going to star in the sequel to " top gun . " of course now that he’s over 50 , maverick no longer has " the need for speed , " he has " the need to pee four times a night . " 
the attorney general of texas has said that despite the recent supreme court decision , texas county clerks can refuse to marry gay couples . that explains texas’s new state motto , " f * * * all y’all . " 
chris christie gave a 20 minute speech to announce he’s running for president in his high school’s gymnasium . it was the longest period of time christie has ever spent in a gym . 
chris christie launched his presidential campaign in the gymnasium of his old high school . christie wanted to launch it in the school’s cafeteria , but there’s still a restraining order . 
chris christie’s campaign slogan is " telling it like it is . " this is in contrast to hillary’s slogan , " explaining why this is not what it looks like . " 
hillary clinton’s campaign is selling a beer chiller that says the word , " chillary . " it’s still not as popular as mike huckabee’s line of e - cigarettes , " suckabees . " 
after making insulting remarks about mexicans , donald trump has been kicked off of nbc and univision . on the bright side , trump’s hair has a new show on animal planet . 
greece announced they are going to default on their nearly 1 . 8 billion dollar loan . who would’ve thought the country that invented the philosophy major would be broke ? 
when asked about it , jeb bush recently described the confederate flag as " racist . " bush said he has long opposed the flag , going all the way back to at least late last thursday . 
pope francis has released his u . s . tour schedule . his first stop… bonnaroo . 
there’s a dating site for well - endowed men called 7orbetter . the site has already attracted over 60 , 000 women and 70 , 000 liars . 
the man who helped create the text message has passed away . his final text was yolo with a frowny face . 
last night , for the first time in 24 years , jupiter and venus appeared almost on top of each other . so , the gay marriage ruling is having more of an impact than we thought . 
in a new report on fast food restaurants , mcdonald’s ranks lowest in customer satisfaction . when reached for comment , a spokesman for mcdonald’s went to get his manager and never came back . 
50 girl scouts camped out on the white house lawn with michelle obama and earned their " outdoor badge . " bill clinton said , " hey , i slept on the white house lawn plenty of times and i never got a badge . " 
a newly - released email reveals that hillary clinton asked a co - worker , " i heard on the radio there’s a cabinet meeting , can i go ? " in another email , hillary said she found out about the debt ceiling from smooth jazz 94 . 7 . 
a leading native american activist is being accused of not being native american at all . authorities grew suspicious after the woman said her tribal name is " listens to josh groban . " 
macy ' s has now severed ties with donald trump and will no longer carry his menswear collection . so from now on , men who want to look like donald trump will have to hunt and kill their own hairpieces . 
the prime minister of greece has assured citizens that their wages and pensions are completely safe . then , he stuffed the parthenon in a duffle bag and fled the country . 
in oregon , there are now more marijuana dispensaries than there are mcdonald ' s . however , those mcdonald ' s are doing amazing business . 
macy’s has now severed ties with donald trump and will no longer carry his menswear collection . it gets worse - petco will no longer carry his shampoo . 
55% of millennials said they would consider leaving the united states and moving somewhere else . most of the millennials said they’d like to live in either middle earth or winterfell . 
in the new " terminator genisys , " arnold schwarzenegger’s cyborg character goes back in time to fight a younger version of himself . they tried to talk it out , but neither could understand what the other was saying . 
one of the new tv shows that debuted at comic - con was " supergirl . " supergirl does the same thing as superman but she gets paid 30% less . 
mexico’s number one drug lord has escaped from prison and he may be headed to the u . s . so donald trump was wrong , they are sending us their best . 
donald trump is in a twitter feud with this mexican drug lord . it’s historic ; it’s the first time americans have ever sided with a mexican drug lord . 
one economist is proposing the way to save greece is to take greece’s $ 56 billion in assets and move them to an offshore bank account . his second proposal is to bring the parthenon to the next " antiques roadshow . " 
thousands of protesters gathered in florida to defend the confederate flag . well technically , it wasn’t a protest , it was a kid rock concert . 
it was reported that " the new york times " has intentionally left ted cruz’s book off their bestseller list . to get back on the bestseller list , cruz ' s next book is about a young boy attending a school for wizards . 
spain is holding its annual running of the bulls . the winner , as is the case every year , is charles darwin . 
pope francis has been visiting south america - recently he stopped at a local burger king . the pope said , " it’s fun seeing their faces when the popemobile pulls into the drive - thru . " 
50 cent has filed for bankruptcy . when asked how he lost so much money , 50 said , " i guess i should have been more ' thriddy . ' " 
the obama administration announced a deal with iran that will prevent the iranians from making a nuclear weapon . in exchange we’re giving the iranians netflix . 
the trump international golf club in puerto rico has filed for bankruptcy . this may be because of trump’s rule , " no puerto ricans on my puerto rican golf course . " 
donald trump’s official twitter account accidentally tweeted a photo of him that also had images of nazis in it . the nazis are furious . 
mexico is offering a $ 3 . 8 million reward for information leading to the capture of the escaped billionaire drug lord , el chapo . mexico said they ' ll get the money by borrowing it from el chapo . 
just days after drug lord el chapo’s escape , there are already dozens of ballads about him on youtube . surprisingly , the best one so far is by josh groban . 
iran is celebrating the nuclear deal with the us . iranians are going crazy , they’re drinking non - alcoholic champagne and thinking about dancing . 
pluto is larger than previously thought , and on its surface there is a shape that looks like a heart . so now , scientists are deciding whether to classify pluto as a planet or an emoji . 
a woman in england crashed her car because she was using a vibrator while driving . the woman is now said to be in " stable , and extremely relaxed " condition . the driver of the van said he never saw her coming . 
the owners of tinder are purchasing another dating website for more than half a billion dollars . actually , tinder didn’t mean to buy the website , they just accidentally swiped right . 
scientists in antarctica have discovered a 50 - million - year - old sperm cell . it was found inside a 50 - millon - year - old gym sock . 
photos surfaced recently of el chapo drinking a beer and flying a plane . sounds like we’ve got a new " most interesting man in the world . " 
there’s now footage of the drug kingpin el chapo changing his shoes right before his escape . apparently , authorities didn’t notice el chapo was lacing up a pair of nike " tunnel runners . " 
in an interview , donald trump said that he does not know why he agreed to fly to new york to meet ted cruz . then he promised to bring that kind of leadership to the oval office . 
in an interview , hillary clinton said she likes nearly every flavor of ice cream . when he heard this , chris christie said , " hey , she stole my speech . " 
a store in houston is selling donald trump piñatas filled with candy . so finally , something good is going to come out of donald trump . 
a company is trying to fund a new endeavor known as " uber for kids . " so parents will soon be teaching their kids that they shouldn’t talk to strangers , but they should get into a car with them . 
iphone users are reporting that siri will correct them if they try to say " bruce jenner " instead of " caitlyn . " in a related story , siri is now asking to be addressed as " steve . " 
the nba draft is underway . can ' t wait to see who wants a 6 ' 4 " white guy with a vertical leap of four inches . 
i’m so happy with the scotus ruling , i could kiss a man , then move in with him , start a family and eventually leave him for a younger man . 
we may be taking the confederate flag thing too far . just saw a history book say the civil war began when the union was fired on by redacted . 
worked out with kettlebells this morning and didn’t get arrested . what am i doing wrong ? 
hockey phenom connor mcdavid is being called the new gretzky . current gretzky must now be called the old gretzky or the new mcdavid . 
sure , those " magic mike " guys look impressive , but remember the camera adds four abs . 
physically - speaking , i ' m like a young arnold schwarzenegger . i mean really young , like five or six . 
i ' m writing an irish - catholic version of " inside out , " where the only two characters are guilt and jameson ' s . 
i like to tell my wife , " let’s make our own fireworks , " then hand her a bunch of toilet paper rolls and gunpowder . 
the country of greece is considering dropping the euro and going with the gyro . 
i yelled out another woman ' s name during sex but cleverly covered by saying that ' s my safe word . 
my favorite new song is either that one from the samsung commercial , or the one from the budweiser commercial . 
" wind beneath my wings " is a great song , but what about the wind above her wings ? it’s technically just as important for lift . 
if you ' re learning spanish , be careful not to confuse abogado and avocado . i accidentally ate the wrong one . 
i was shocked that trump was leading in the polls until i saw footage from a monster truck rally . 
i now regret naming my son " atticus " and my daughter " bill cosby . " 
can someone give me the contact info for el chapo’s contractor ? thx . 
presidential candidate lincoln chafee is polling at 0% . i guess the country isn’t ready for a president named " lincoln . " 
pluto’s letting the publicity get to his head - he just signed on for the next " entourage " movie . 
good to be back on the east coast . i missed mosquitoes the size of hawks . 
root beer with eggs was a big mistake . 
people talking about their standing desks are the new people talking about their rescue pets . 
i don’t think i spend too much time on my smartphone at home , and neither do my kids , candy and crush . 
your lap doesn’t really disappear when you stand up , it just goes into storage . 
i’m on vacation . please keep trump popular while i’m gone , i need him in the debates . 
if pizza hut really served their pizza in a hut , you couldn’t get me out of there . 
hotel front desk workers - when a male calls to complain about the wi - fi minutes after checking in , yes he’s doing what you think he’s doing . 
i’m on the proterozoic diet - i only eat pre - chordates and metazoans . 
i tried to take a picture with my phone , and people looked at me like i was an idiot . maybe because it was 1973 . 
a new app can tell marijuana users how high they are . it’s called the domino ' s pizza app . 
in hong kong , a woman was sent to prison for assaulting a police officer with her breast . the police officer is demanding an apology and that she do it again . 
the fast food chain in - n - out is being sued for allegedly putting meth in someone’s milkshake . on the bright side , employee productivity is up 800% . 
the international olympic committee has officially recognized ultimate frisbee as an olympic sport . the news was greeted with excitement by thousands of guys named " chad . " 
there is a rumor out there that the ceo of starbucks might run for president . in fact , he opened up his first campaign headquarters and another one right across the street . 
donald trump said that there will not be another black president for a while because president obama is not doing a good job . of course , by that standard there won’t be another white president for at least 100 years . 
donald trump has fired a campaign advisor for posting racist remarks on facebook . isn’t that shocking - donald trump has a campaign advisor ? 
a doctor is being accused of illegal lion hunting in zimbabwe . here’s my question : whatever happened to golf ? 
while performing a concert in sweden , lenny kravitz split his pants while dancing and exposed his penis . even more shocking , the penis then did a 20 minute drum solo . 
former one direction singer zayn malik has broken up with his fiancée . and if there are any 15 - year - old girls watching right now . . . it’s ' cause he wants to marry you . 
a sex expert says sex with robots will be the norm in 50 years . if you can’t wait that long , i know a really slutty roomba . 
a new survey came out that finds that brigham young university is the most sober college in america . byu students celebrated the news by throwing one crazy " chamomile kegger . " 
ufc champion ronda rousey will be the next model for carl’s jr . carl’s jr . chose rousey because she also knows what it’s like to damage someone’s organs in less than 30 seconds . 
ben from " ben and jerry’s " has endorsed bernie sanders for president . after hearing this , chris christie said , " after all we’ve been through together ? " 
when you call donald trump’s cellphone number , it plays a campaign message . if you want to hear trump ' s message in english , press 1 , and if you want to hear it in spanish… you probably don’t follow the news . 
donald trump and ted cruz are teaming up to defund planned parenthood . experts believe it could backfire , since people like donald trump and ted cruz are the reason there is a planned parenthood . 
thursday night is the first republican presidential candidates ' debate . just like " celebrity apprentice , " you’ll see donald trump on tv yelling at people you barely recognize . 
tonight is the big debate and people have already come up with drinking games for it . the most popular game is the one where you skip the debate and go out drinking . 
india announced it’s going to lift its ban on internet pornography . apparently , their porn is a lot like our porn but with much better dance numbers . 
according to forbes magazine , the # 3 highest paid actor in the world is vin diesel . in a related story , daniel day lewis just jumped off a bridge . 
one of the newest trends is eating breakfast any time of day , and they’re calling it " breakfastarianism . " it’s much nicer than the old name for that , " alcoholism . " 
a new study came out and it finds that michelle obama’s " let’s move " program may have caused people to actually gain weight . apparently many mistook the slogan to mean , " let’s move next door to a cinnabon . " 
donald trump has come out in favor of shutting down planned parenthood . however , experts say if he really wants planned parenthood to go under , he should turn it into a trump property . 
among the debaters tomorrow night is ben carson , who is a neurosurgeon . dr . carson says he’s not there to debate , he’s there to diagnose exactly what’s wrong with donald trump . 
an expert says sex with robots will be the norm in 50 years . so ladies and gentlemen once again , conan o’brien is ahead of his time . 
a woman who just celebrated her 110th birthday credits her longevity to drinking lots of beer and johnnie walker . well technically , her liver is 110 , the woman herself is 43 . 
according to forbes magazine , the # 3 highest paid actor in the world is vin diesel . that works out to $ 10 million per " i am groot . " 
this week is world breastfeeding week . or as babies call it , " suckapalooza . " 
one of the newest trends right now is eating breakfast any time of day , and they’re calling it " breakfastarianism . " by the way , " breakfastarianism " is part of another new trend known as , " legalized marijuana . " 
the top choice to replace alexander hamilton on the $ 10 bill is eleanor roosevelt . so , better luck next time , iggy azalea . 
prior to the debate , donald trump said he wanted to be " very civil . " he said that instead of referring to all hispanics as " criminals " he’ll call them " criminal - americans . " 
the big republican debate is happening tonight . political analysts say that donald trump’s game plan is to " wing it " and see what happens . it’s the same game plan used by his barber . 
i’m starting to rethink my polar bear hunting trip with my proctologist . 
i think a supercut of tom cruise running at top speed could be the cure for male infertility . 
i’m so curious as to who will be the 45th president and the 46th republican presidential candidate . 
medical marijuana is finally legal in nevada . just in case people needed one more way to help them make a bad decision in nevada . 
nobody spoil the presidential race for me - i’m planning to just binge - watch it in 2017 . 
people are mad at donald trump for allegedly making a joke about megyn kelly having her period . trump said , " trust me , i know what goes on down there - because i’m a huge douche . " 
donald trump said that he’s always had a great relationship with " the women . " not helping matters is that he said it to someone that he called " the mexican . " 
donald trump insisted that he’s always had a great relationship with women . trump said , " i believe a woman can be anything she wants to be , whether that’s miss usa or miss universe . " 
north korea is creating its own time zone - it’s going to push the country’s time back a half hour . it’s not bad enough that they don’t have food , they’re ruled by an insane dictator , now they have to wait until 8 o’clock to watch " wheel of fortune . " 
for the first time , american astronauts on the international space station ate vegetables grown in space . in other words , even space is getting more rain than california . 
there ' s a new high - tech device that helps you avoid getting a sunburn . it’s called a house . 
artifacts found in william shakespeare’s home suggest that he may have been a marijuana user . apparently , they found a first draft of one of his plays called " romeo and kumar . " 
liberal democrat bernie sanders had a rally in los angeles last night attended by over 27 , 000 supporters . the rally set the world record for most priuses in one parking lot . 
a new poll shows that hillary clinton is now only six points ahead of bernie sanders . today , a very confident hillary clinton said , " oh please , like i ' m gonna lose the democratic nomination to a left - wing senator nobody ' s ever heard of . " 
after failing to raise money , republican presidential candidate rick perry has stopped paying his campaign staff . at least , that ' s according to rick perry ' s new press secretary , rick perry . 
a mansion previously owned by donald trump is on sale in connecticut for $ 54 million dollars . the house comes with 16 bedrooms , a tennis court , and here’s the best part , no trump . 
google announced in a press conference that they ' re going to restructure the company under a new name " alphabet . " the company already announced this a month ago on google plus but no one noticed . 
scientists in massachusetts have been able to grow a monkey arm in their lab . moments after being created , the monkey arm immediately threw poop at them . 
the new york jets have released a linebacker for breaking their quarterback’s jaw in a fight in the locker room . in other words , the jets finally get a player who can hit and they release him . 
a new bar in london specializes in something called " breathable booze . " or as we called that growing up in my house , " standing next to uncle patrick . " 
according to experts , california is suffering a record shortage of teachers . which explains california’s new recruiting policy : " ok , you can sleep with one student . " 
astronomers report that the universe is dying and we only have a few billion years left to live . with that in mind , let’s waste an hour of that together . 
after being asked for weeks , donald trump still has not said specifically what he would do as president . trump apologized , saying , " when i announced i was running for president , i had no idea people would take me seriously . " 
hillary clinton has finally agreed to turn over her entire e - mail server to the justice department . clinton said she was reluctant to do so because of state secrets , and because 30% of her e - mails are nothing but the " smiling poop " emoji . 
as of this morning , bernie sanders is leading hillary clinton in new hampshire , he’s seven points ahead . so screw those emails from when she was secretary of state , i want to see the emails hillary sent out this morning . 
it’s just come out that before pope francis became a priest , he broke up with a serious girlfriend to instead join the church . man , taylor swift just cannot catch a break ! 
jeb bush says we may need to send more troops into iraq to stop isis . he said this in a speech entitled , " what’s the worst thing that can happen when a president named bush sends troops to iraq ? " 
maria sharapova and serena williams are the highest paid female athletes in the world . after hearing this , ronda rousey beat them up and took their money . 
the wildfires in california are getting pretty serious , they’re now starting to burn marijuana farms . the fire is being put out by 200 firefighters and 8 , 000 " volunteers . " 
despite all of his sexist comments , a new poll reveals that 20% of republican women still support donald trump . when asked why , the women said , " because he’s paying us alimony . " 
hillary clinton’s attorney has handed over 30 , 000 emails sent by her staff at the state department . surprisingly , 29 , 000 of the staff emails are just about who took jen’s yogurt from the break room fridge . 
the tinder app is now available in north korea . it’s a little different over there : all the photos are of kim jong - un . 
yesterday was national middle child day . it’s a holiday that doesn’t matter much , just like a middle child . 
airbnb is having a contest in which the winner gets to spend a night at a major league baseball park . of course , if you want to spend eight hours sleeping in a baseball park , you can just attend a game . 
some people are advocating for the right for a human to marry a robot . however , mitt romney ' s wife said , " it ' s not all it ' s cracked up to be . " 
a new study came out and claims that first grade students are getting nearly three times more homework than they should be getting . this is according to the study ' s lead researcher , timmy . 
new research shows that william shakespeare may have been a marijuana user . i’m sorry , i find that absurd - shakespeare wrote 37 plays , he was obviously a cocaine user . 
donald trump recently said that supermodel heidi klum is " no longer a 10 . " so now , bill clinton wants to debate trump . 
donald trump showed up at the iowa state fair in a helicopter . of course , nobody could hear the helicopter over donald trump . 
in a recent interview , chris christie said that he will top donald trump’s iowa state fair helicopter entrance by riding in on a pony . as a result , all the ponies in iowa have gone into hiding . 
this weekend , many of the republican candidates said they use a fitbit . in fact , jeb bush uses his to measure how much distance he can put between himself and his last name . 
apple announced that in the last year the company has doubled its number of female , black , and hispanic employees . a spokesman for apple said , " do you know how hard it is to find female , black and hispanic children in china ? " 
starbucks announced that their pumpkin spice latte will now be made with a little bit of pumpkin . also their frappuccino will now be made with a little bit of al pacino . 
a man has been arrested for posing as a psychologist and treating at least 100 people . however , after posting bail , dr . phil was released . 
a man from nepal set a new world record after kicking himself in the head 134 times in one minute . he broke the previous record of zero . 
law enforcement authorities say there ' s a growing trend of street gangs facing off against their rivals online . in fact , earlier today things got so tense that the crips " unfriended " the bloods . 
it’s come out that donald trump is the grandson of german immigrants . but don’t worry , the last time a german guy with crazy hair who didn’t like foreigners took over a country everything turned out fine . i wouldn’t worry about it . 
it was pointed out that donald trump’s immigration policy would have prevented his own grandfather from coming to america . that explains his new campaign slogan , " vote trump , to prevent another trump . " 
in iowa yesterday , while playing football with a kid , marco rubio hit him in the face and knocked him down . as a result , today marco rubio was immediately signed by the new york jets . 
while campaigning in iowa , jeb bush cheated on his diet and had a fried snickers bar , pork on a stick , and a beer . jeb bush said he ate it so at least he could see some of his numbers go up . 
for the first time ever , women in saudi arabia will be able to register to vote . saudi women will get to vote on whether to live in the 9th or 10th century . 
a company is developing an elevator that can take you into space . of course , don’t you hate when you’re going to jupiter and someone gets on the elevator and presses mars ? 
the fda is expected to approve the so - called " female viagra . " its scientific name is " flibanserin , " or as it’s better known to you , " tequila . " 
the new female viagra takes two weeks to start working . so ladies , if you don ' t mind , we’re going to start without you . 
this ashley madison story is nuts . call me sentimental , but i miss the more innocent times when cheaters were outed by good old fashioned genital warts . 
hackers have leaked the actual names of people on the cheater’s website ashleymadison . com . and the good news , ladies , as of today they’re single . 
hackers have exposed the identity of 40 million people on ashley madison . even more shocking - two of them are women . 
today is bill clinton’s birthday . hillary sent bill an e - birthday card then out of habit , she immediately deleted it . 
hillary clinton released an ad that emphasizes her humble economic background . in the ad she says , " just 15 years ago , my family and i were evicted from our house . " 
during an appearance on fox news , donald trump said " our country is going to hell . " he said , " but not fast enough - that’s why i’m running for president . " 
in new york city , the us postal service is trying to expand into grocery deliveries . it’s perfect for people who want their groceries delivered to their next door neighbor ' s house . 
the infamous house used in " silence of the lambs " is up for sale . if you’re interested , the owner asks you to put your offer and the lotion in the basket . 
at ohio state university it was just announced , a tiny human brain has been grown in a lab . and guess what - it’s already announced its support for trump for president . 
it’s come out that implementing donald trump’s immigration policy would cost taxpayers $ 166 billion . well today trump said , " so what ? you spend the money , you declare bankruptcy , and then you start a new country . boom . " 
a study found that many types of head lice have mutated and now become resistant to over - the - counter treatments . the problem has scientists scratching their heads . 
buzzfeed just announced it’s going to start making movies . so make sure to check out next summer’s blockbuster : " the avengers vs . 14 cats that look like hitler . " 
the stock market plunged 600 points and one direction announced they are breaking up . it was good timing for me , because when people asked why i was sobbing uncontrollably , i was able to blame it on the stock market . 
one direction announced that they are breaking up . teenage girls threw tantrums , they slammed doors , and then they heard about the breakup . 
china’s stock market went down 8% , france and germany’s both went down 5% . when asked for comment , greece said , " boo hoo . " 
in some states , the joke presidential candidate deez nuts is polling at 9% . meanwhile , the joke presidential candidate donald trump is polling at 25% . 
jeb bush supporters accidentally sent out a flyer where it looks like jeb’s head is photoshopped onto a black man’s body . after hearing about it , jeb’s wife said , " if only . " 
it was reported today that a 108 - year - old message in a bottle washed up on a beach in europe . actually it wasn’t a message , it was larry king’s to - do list . 
yesterday , a women’s rights organization held " topless parades " in cities around the country . unfortunately , i don’t know what they were protesting because i never got a look at the signs . 
niall horan of one direction said the band is not splitting up , they are only taking a break . at least , that’s what he told me after i camped out in front of his house last night . 
china’s stock market crashed , causing many of its richest citizens to lose millions . in a related story , jackie chan just signed on for " rush hours 5 through 10 . " 
it’s come out that donald trump’s grandfather owned a brothel . when reached for comment , trump said , " screwing people for money is a long family tradition . " 
true story though , it’s come out that donald trump’s grandfather opened a restaurant with a bar and a brothel . the name of the place was " trump’s pump & hump . " 
south korea has agreed to stop broadcasting insulting propaganda over the north korean border . they’ve also canceled their comedy central roast of kim jong - un . 
it’s rumored that the new iphones are going to use facial recognition technology to unlock your phone . of course , if you live in los angeles , the iphone will store up to six of your previous faces . 
in florida , a man proposed to his girlfriend in the produce aisle of a whole foods . he got down on one knee and told her , " this ring cost as much as those organic grapes . " 
in denmark , a man has been arrested for drawing penises on furniture at an ikea warehouse . he targeted ikea’s popular line of futons known as the löngen - döngen . 
according to new consumer reports , almost all ground beef in the us has fecal contamination . in response , mcdonald’s changed its slogan from " i’m lovin ' it " to " there’s s * * * on my teeth . " 
today is women ' s equality day . or , as donald trump calls it , that time of the year again . 
at a press conference yesterday , donald trump kicked out a latino reporter , but the man returned a few minutes later . so , already trump’s deportation plan isn’t working . 
after his spat with a hispanic reporter yesterday , donald trump is now in a feud with both univision and fox news . today , he’s going to insult meerkats and get into a feud with animal planet . 
a new study came out and it claims washington , d . c . has the worst traffic in the country . government workers in d . c . spend hours in gridlock , getting nothing done and then , they get in their cars . 
right now in the us , the most popular name for baby girls is emma . and the least popular names are ashley and madison . 
it’s come out that at least 100 espn employees were on the adultery website ashley madison . in other words , infidelity has finally entered the world of sports . 
authorities have shut down rentboy . com , the world’s largest male escort service . i’m kind of sad about it , because that’s where i found andy . 
a company is developing a version of tinder for catholics . it’s the first dating app where if you like someone , you swipe up , down , left and right . 
it’s been reported that one of the world’s most popular nude beaches is in ireland . so next time you’re there , make sure you visit " melanoma cove . " 
burger king wants to team up with mcdonald’s to create a " mcwhopper . " analysts say this could be the biggest thing in fast food since arby’s teamed up with white castle to create diarrhea . 
astronomers are trying to understand jupiter’s big red spot . and why it , typically , just had to show up the night before jupiter’s prom . 
marshmallow maker peeps will have fall flavors including candy corn and pumpkin spice . to save time , i’m gonna throw up now . 
before jeb bush tries to reboot the iraq war , he should talk to the folks who made " fantastic four . " 
in the office football pool , i didn’t have the jets qb being punched out by a teammate until week two . 
i really hope " straight outta compton " kept the scene where you can see me playing backup accordion at the first nwa concert . 
kanye and kim might name their next child " easton west . " i hope his first words are " get it ? " 
has tv advertising gone too far ? i’ll be discussing it on tonight’s conan with my guests , the geico lizard and zappos . com . 
gangs are now facing off online . you can hear more about it in dr . dre’s new album , " straight outta etsy . " 
before we completely write him off as a joke , why don’t we at least find out more about the foreign policy experience of deez nuts ? 
starbucks is starting to serve beer and wine . it’s part of their mission , " always finding new ways to make you pee . " 
did you know that el chapo has his own show on msnbc ? 
don’t hate the playa , hate the game - specifically , boggle . 
i ' m tired of waking up to find paparazzi going through my garbage cans , dressed as garbage men , with a big loud garbage truck . 
i don’t believe in air - conditioning and neither do the people who pretend to love to work for me . 
those ashley madison users who are suing the company for breach of contract have really taken the moral flat ground . 
i hope " guardians of the galaxy 2 " is a prequel , so vin diesel can spend two hours saying , " i will be groot . " 
secretary of agriculture , tom vilsack , endorsed hillary clinton . hillary called to say " thanks " as soon as she was done googling , " tom vilsack . " 
spending a quiet evening at home , just me and my nicki minaj wax figure . 
stephen hawking says he’s solved a big black hole mystery . that’s great , steve - get back to me when you’ve figured out who stole my yogurt . 
the word " awesomesauce " is now in the dictionary . call me old fashioned but i’m going to stick with " sperm . " 
dave grohl has done more with a broken leg than most americans do in their lifetime . 
if they replace alexander hamilton with a woman , i’ll never put a ten in my front pocket without muttering “please close your eyes . ” 
the most popular boy and girl names are " noah " and " emma . " the least popular : " conan " and " syphillina . " 
future archaeologists will wonder if our sports teams were named after animals or our animals were named after sports teams . 
the hand model in commercials who squeezes lemon juice on breaded shrimp ? that’s a sweet gig . 
made my wife shout " yes ! " in bed last night . ( asked her who her favorite 70 ' s rock band was . ) 
in my entire life , i’ve never heard a single person say , " ok , who ate all the goddamn saltines ? " 
" oh bother ! i’m all out of hunny , " said winnie the pooh . " but bears are omnivores , " he added , leveling his gaze at piglet . 
the lines are long for six flags ' new ride , " the market lately . " 
you can put the word " blood " in front of " oranges " and people will still eat them . don’t even try it , bananas . 
arnold schwarzenegger has been named the new host of " celebrity apprentice . " wait ' til the apprentices find out exactly what you have to do when you work for arnold schwarzenegger . 
mark cuban , who is the star of " shark tank , " is now thinking about running for president . still no word from the cake boss . 
this weekend was the annual national federation of republican women convention . or as donald trump called it , " a total dog show . " 
rupert murdoch , the head of fox news , just bought national geographic magazine . this explains the headline on this month’s cover . " how do we stop those canada geese from crossing our borders and taking all our jobs ? " 
today is rosh hashanah , the beginning of the jewish year 5 , 776 . in other words , it’s been 5 , 763 years since larry king ' s bar mitzvah . 
a new health initiative has been launched to try and get more rabbis in shape . it ' s the first exercise program that replaces " feel the burn " with " oy , the burning ! " 
the irs announced it no longer accepts checks for 100 million dollars . so now the only place that will still take a check for 100 million dollars is whole foods . 
in new york , a 16 - year - old chef has opened his first restaurant . the restaurant will be closed christmas , new year’s , and the day of the sats . 
last night , two planes bumped into each other at lax . luckily , nobody was hurt and both pilots ' texts went through . 
a new study claims that people who have smoked marijuana over 100 times are more likely to suffer health risks . in a related story , snoop dogg died in 1978 . 
mark zuckerberg announced that a " dislike " button is finally coming to facebook . so finally , a way to tell your friends how you really feel about their baby . 
donald trump said he would replace obamacare with something called " donaldcare . " trump claims it would save billions of dollars by denying coverage to " preexisting hispanics . " 
in texas yesterday , donald trump told an adoring crowd , " we are killing it ! we are really killing it . " of course , he was talking about the republican party . 
donald trump is leading among christian evangelical voters . apparently , evangelicals like him because a trump presidency would mean the world really is coming to an end . 
according to political analysts , hillary clinton is now trying to make herself seem more relatable to the average person . so today , she spent the day criticizing hillary clinton . 
the government has unveiled a new website that predicts your financial worth after graduating college . it doesn’t give a number , it just tells you which starbucks you’ll be working at and for how long . 
7 - eleven is going to start delivering a " date night package " that includes ice cream , red bull and condoms . 7 - eleven says it’s the perfect way to tell that special lady in your life , " you could do a lot better . " 
scientists are planning to revive a dormant 30 , 000 - year - old virus . when asked why , scientists said , " we’re d * * * s . " 
in texas , a high school student was arrested for bringing what authorities thought was a bomb to school , but it turned out just to be a clock . now the kid is in bigger trouble for carrying a device that could bring texas into the future . 
earlier tonight , the second republican debate took place here in california . of course with 10 men and only one woman , everyone thought they were watching " the bachelorette . " 
patriots quarterback tom brady said he thinks it would be great if donald trump was president . which is really weird , because i thought brady didn ' t like things that are filled with too much air . 
donald trump has said he’d replace obamacare with something called " donaldcare . " the way " donaldcare " works is , you tell donald trump exactly what your symptoms are and he deports you . 
in china , people are selling their kidneys to buy an iphone 6s . don’t worry , those people will have one kidney left six months from now when the iphone 7 comes out . 
olive garden is bringing back its " pasta pass , " which lets you eat as much pasta as you want for seven weeks . in a related story , chris christie just suspended his campaign . 
it’s been reported that japan’s largest crime family has split into two rival groups . the two crime families are the hellos and the kittys . 
mattel is developing a barbie with artificial intelligence that can remember 8 , 000 lines of dialogue and retain information she learns in conversations . meanwhile , ken still just wants a penis . 
the makers of budweiser and miller are considering a merger that would make them the world’s largest brewer . at first they weren’t planning to merge , but after a few beers , each started looking really good . 
last night’s debate at the reagan library was the most watched program in cnn history . cnn said they are thrilled with the ratings , but even happier that they could finally show a plane that wasn’t missing . 
during last night’s debate , jeb bush wanted donald trump to apologize to his wife but trump refused . trump said , " if i apologized to wives , i wouldn’t be on my third one . " 
last night during the debate , jeb bush admitted he smoked pot in high school . then jeb assured people that now that he lives in florida he only does meth . 
debate analysts say carly fiorina won the debate because she " crashed the boys club . " or , as fiorina put it , " i served slaw at the sausage fest . " 
the muslim teenager in texas who was arrested for bringing a homemade clock to school was invited to visit facebook headquarters in california . the boy said he’s eager to make the trip for the brief thrill of not being a muslim in texas . 
there’s a brand new 3d printer that can print pizza , cookies , and cake . inventors are calling this amazing new device an " oven . " 
britain’s longest - serving dominatrix is retiring at the age of 66 . apparently men no longer want to hire a dominatrix who forgets their safe word . 
when’s the last time you used an automatic pencil sharpener ? give it a shot , i think you’ll be pleasantly surprised . 
" please write more ' said no one , ever ' jokes " - said no one , ever . 
i know exactly how tom cruise feels in " mission : impossible " whenever i’m searching for my ringing phone in a pair of cargo pants . 
in times of crisis or danger i will always be right behind you , sofa . 
nicki minaj spelled backwards sounds like the name of a cool , swedish actor : janim ikcin . was that worth it ? i think so . 
i’m a little worried all the hype for " black mass " will affect the box office for my biopic " white ass . " 
clear something up for me - was the first democratic debate already held over email ? 
when the pope’s plane lands in the united states , president obama is going to be there to greet him . president obama will be the guy at arrivals holding a sign that says " pope . " 
president obama is going to host the pope at the white house . or as donald trump put it , " obama’s letting yet another hispanic guy in . " 
the pope is coming to the united states and he’s visiting new york , washington dc , and philadelphia , but not los angeles . the pope said , " let’s be honest , i probably won’t make it out of philly . " 
last night " game of thrones " took home four emmys . that works out to one emmy for every character that’s still alive on the show . 
an expert is saying that donald trump’s handwriting reveals he is prone to anger and fear . after hearing about it , trump was furious and then , he got scared . 
scott walker , the republican presidential candidate who’s famous for riding a harley , is dropping out of the race . walker made the decision when he realized all of his supporters could fit on his harley . 
republican presidential candidate and neurosurgeon dr . ben carson is under fire for saying a muslim should not be elected president . later , carson apologized for the mistake - he said , " hey , i’m no brain surgeon . " 
colorado is expected to bring in $ 125 million this year from tax on legalized marijuana . state officials are going to use the pot windfall to buy the world’s biggest futon . 
the pope arrived in the us today . the pope flew into washington this afternoon on lifelong virgin air . 
pope francis’ plane touched down in washington today at 4pm . of course , as a catholic i knew the moment he was here because i felt a " disturbance in the guilt . " 
despite the fact that pope francis arrived in washington today , he’s not going to visit the white house until tomorrow . when asked about his plans for today , his holiness said , " oh you know , just popin ' around . " 
in honor of the pope’s visit , twitter gave the pope his own series of emojis . not only that , tinder gave him his own profile . 
volkswagen has been caught installing secret devices that help them cheat on emissions tests . the ceo of volkswagen said , " i miss the less controversial times here at vw when all we did was make cars for hitler . " 
a company in japan has released a robot that’s able to simulate some emotion . either that , or hillary clinton just made a surprise visit to japan . 
in san diego , a 100 - year - old man set five world records at a track meet . he set records in the 50 meter dash , the 800 meter run , and the 1500 meter wander off . 
denver is reportedly considering letting people smoke marijuana in restaurants . so good luck remembering those specials the waiters told you about . 
on saturday , the pope will attend an event that’s hosted by mark wahlberg . wahlberg said " i’m wicked pumped to meet the f * * * in’ pope . " 
today is the jewish high holiday of yom kippur . that’s right - jews all over the country honored the day by staying home and watching the pope on television . 
for the first time on u . s . soil , the pope said a mass today , canonizing an american saint . so congratulations to saint oprah . 
at the white house today , a band played the vatican’s national anthem . and , i didn’t know this - apparently , it’s katy perry’s " roar . " 
during the pope’s speech to congress , house speaker john boehner was openly weeping . at one point the pope turned to boehner and said , " stop being a little b * * * * . " 
yesterday , at one of the pope’s appearances , a 5 - year - old mexican - american girl broke through security . luckily , she was tackled by 16 republican presidential candidates . 
tomorrow , president obama is welcoming the president of china to a white house state dinner . hope the president of china likes leftover pope food ! 
while visiting a local school in washington , students gave the president of china a football . then the president of china took a look at the football and said , " hey - i know the kid who made this ! " 
donald trump said that he doesn’t believe in climate change . trump said , " if there’s a hole in the ozone layer , just comb some ozone from another part over it . " 
the ventriloquist who won " america ' s got talent " is now being accused of stealing his act . however , the ventriloquist has denied it through a tiny lawyer sitting on his lap . 
i chopped some garlic when i was 28 and my hands still smell . 
the new lego star wars sets give too much away ! now i know all the characters have round yellow heads . 
how much wood would a woodchuck chuck with the new woodmax superchucker 5000 ? 400% more ! ( paid advertisement ) 
if the boy scouts were smart , they’d buy cookies from the girl scouts then sell them for more money during the off season . 
one day after meeting the pope , house speaker john boehner announced he is retiring . how do we get the pope to meet donald trump ? 
in philadelphia yesterday , pope francis met with a family that had driven 13 , 000 miles from argentina just to see him . there was an awkward moment when the pope said , " i guess no one told you guys i’ll be in argentina next week . " 
while he was here , the pope gave a speech to congress and he spoke to inmates at a prison . the pope forgave the criminals for the pain they’ve caused society and also forgave the inmates . 
the pope has gone back home . the pope said , " i had a great time - i met thousands of people , i visited three amazing cities and i got rid of john boehner . " 
on " 60 minutes " last night , donald trump called for a tax hike on wealthy americans . as a result , today donald trump said he can no longer support donald trump . 
jeb bush is planning to release an alternative to obamacare which is being called " bushcare . " which is why he’s now being sued by the # 1 maker of pubic lice spray . 
a new study says drinking more beer could lower women ' s risk of heart attack by 30% . the study was conducted by the " institute of things to tell that hot woman at a party . " 
a poultry manufacturer has recalled over a half million pounds of chicken believed to contain pieces of metal . but first they tried to sell the pieces to mcdonald’s as " magnetic mcnuggets . " 
new research shows that giraffes hum , but only at night . even more surprising : they all hum that chili’s " babyback ribs " song . 
justin bieber says he has three or four albums he hasn’t released yet . bieber says " you have until midnight to meet my demands . " 
the winners of the macarthur genius awards were announced . among the geniuses are three artists , six authors , and the guy who invented doritos locos tacos . 
while in new york city , president obama and vladimir putin met and the meeting was described as " awkward . " apparently obama was upset that putin looks nothing like his tinder photo . 
donald trump told the " new york times " that he’s only been getting four hours of sleep a night . in other words , even donald trump lies awake at night worrying about a trump presidency . 
in a speech , marco rubio talked about the danger of electing a president who does not understand technology . unfortunately , rubio ' s speech was interrupted when his beeper went off . 
rush limbaugh has said that the evidence of water on mars is all part of a " leftist agenda . " limbaugh also said that a hydrogen atom bringing two oxygen atoms together to make water is " pretty gay . " 
a recent survey concluded that one out of five millennials are ok with taking a selfie at a funeral . they say the hard part is getting the corpse to make a duck face . 
dermatologists are warning that the popular new hairstyle " man buns " could lead to baldness . even worse , it could also lead to " wearing flip flops . " 
in a new interview , justin bieber said he wants to " live like jesus . " in response , jesus said , " dude , you’re the reason i’m not coming back . " 
i’ve got good news about california , it was just announced that there are nearly 30 , 000 fewer inmates now in california’s prisons . here’s the bad news - they all escaped . 
while visiting america , pope francis secretly met with kim davis , the county clerk who denied marriage licenses to gay couples . at first she refused to meet with the pope because she was told " there’s a guy in a dress named francis here to see you . " 
in a new interview , donald trump’s wife melania , who is an immigrant from slovenia , says she lets trump be himself . melania said , " and in return , he lets me be in america . " 
governor bobby jindal’s presidential campaign is angrily insisting that the " duck dynasty " cast supports him , and not donald trump . and that is the current report on the state of the bobby jindal campaign . 
tesla has debuted a new car which is equipped with a device that instantly clears the air of toxins . basically , you activate it when you’re driving behind a volkswagen . 
new research finds that robots are just as bad as humans at assembling ikea furniture . in fact there’s a video that shows two robots trying to assemble the furniture , having a fight , then one says , " i knew it was too soon for us to move in together . " 
" game of thrones " creator george r . r . martin has put an end to the rumor that there will be a " game of thrones " movie . martin said , " there’s no way i could keep a character alive for two hours straight . " 
khloe kardashian has released a new video detailing her complete butt workout . the video can be seen in any theater that has imax . 
a man in canada has pled guilty to trespassing into a home , doing laundry , and feeding the owner’s cats . the man is being described by authorities as " marriage material . " 
a word association poll found the words most associated with donald trump are " idiot , " " jerk , " " stupid , " and " dumb . " in other words… he really could be our next president . 
hurricane joaquin is set to hit the east coast and could cause " historic rainfall . " east coast residents are concerned and california residents are jealous . 
due to hurricane joaquin , governor chris christie has declared a state of emergency in new jersey . christie spent today stocking up on tons of groceries… then he heard about the hurricane . 
today is world vegetarian day . there were supposed to be rallies but nobody had the energy . 
engineers at uc riverside have created a lithium - ion battery using portobello mushrooms . they came up with the idea while using a different kind of mushroom . 
in russia , a man injected himself with 3 . 5 million year - old bacteria in hopes of becoming immortal . his funeral is thursday . 
burger king has begun bottling its own merlot and they call it " whopper wine . " not to be outdone , 7 - 11 has begun selling a product that’s fermented for 6 months - they call it a " hot dog . " 
carly fiorina said that her degree in medieval history will help her defeat isis . she said knowledge of the medieval world also helps her when she’s making policy on birth control . 
it came out today that hillary clinton follows katy perry on twitter . and bill clinton follows katy perry on tour . 
analysts say jeb bush ' s campaign is in so much trouble , they may bring in george w . bush for support . this will help jeb appeal to george w . bush’s key demographic , people who have a terrible memory . 
isis has destroyed another ancient cultural treasure from the distant past . as a result , security has been beefed up around larry king . 
princess leia ' s " slave bikini " from " return of the jedi " has sold at auction for $ 96 , 000 . the bikini is perfectly intact , as is the buyer’s virginity . 
google has gotten rid of their corporate motto , " don ' t be evil . " they’ve replaced it with the motto , " mwa - ha - ha - ha… " 
new data suggests that the first recorded instance of the f - word was in the 1300s . in fact the exact quote was , " i’ve got the plague ? f * * * . " 
hillary clinton criticized donald trump during an interview on telemundo . clinton knew if there’s one place where you can criticize trump without him finding out about it , it’s on telemundo . 
a controversial 1 , 200 year - old document has been found that shows evidence that jesus was married . i don’t believe it , what married guy gets to spend all his free time with his 12 buddies ? 
it’s being reported that donald trump is mentioned on social media seven times more often than any other republican candidate . and that’s just by donald trump . 
donald trump’s campaign sent marco rubio 24 bottles of water because according to trump , rubio is " always sweating . " in response , rubio’s campaign sent trump some water and vinegar because trump is always a douche . 
it was reported today that there are 1 , 200 fringe candidates running for president . the fringe candidates include deez nuts , mickey mouse , and senator ted cruz . 
there’s controversy in texas because a high school american history book refers to african slaves as " immigrant workers . " the same book also referred to cherokee indians as " ancestral casino owners . " 
general mills recalled almost two million boxes of gluten - free cheerios because , guess what , they contain gluten . general mills will repackage the cereal under its new name " glute loops . " 
it’s been reported that " wheel of fortune " host pat sajak makes $ 12 million a year . hard to believe he still makes people pay for their own vowels . 
bud light has created a new device that alerts you when the beer supply in your fridge is running low . the device is known as " your roommate , chad . " 
a man in britain who was born without a penis is now having one reconstructed with his arm . the man has agreed to the surgery , saying , " as long as i’ve got a penis and one arm , i’m all set . " 
anthropologists have released more information about a recently discovered extinct human species . the species lived in trees , had brains the size of an orange , and plans to vote for donald trump . 
donald trump recently said , " i’m going all the way and i’m going to win . " meanwhile , mike huckabee said , " i’m going some of the way and then i’ll go home . " 
democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders has a catchphrase and it’s " feel the bern . " of course , now he’s being sued because that’s del taco’s slogan . 
california governor jerry brown signed the fair pay act which will allow women to get paid the same as men for doing the same job and vice - versa . so , it was great day for women and for male porn stars . 
us officials have been wondering why , according to photos , isis seems to have so many toyotas . one clue seems to be isis’s credo : " fanatical about islam , sensible about gas mileage . " 
someone has invented a portable sex robot that’s being called " the 3 - in - 1 male masturbator . " i just want to take a moment here to thank everyone who donated to my kickstarter . 
a california mom is being sued because her son told everyone at school that santa claus isn’t real . what makes this story even worse is that her son goes to ucla . 
california governor jerry brown signed a controversial new bill allowing assisted suicide . just in time for lakers season ! 
lexus has built a drivable car made of cardboard . it’s part of lexus ' new motto : " nothing can stop our cars , except a light drizzle . " 
ultimate fighting champion ronda rousey is mad at justin bieber because bieber refused to take a picture with her little sister . bieber’s funeral is tomorrow . 
the pope has left new york and there are six towels missing from the four seasons . 
hey pope - want to get booed ? go to any sporting event in philly . 
well i think we finally know what fahrvergnügen means . it means go f yourself . 
with trump offending hispanics and ben carson offending muslims , which gop candidate is going to step up and take on the amish ? 
i can’t believe stores are already selling decorations for christmas 2016 . 
tv will get to the point where " dating clothed " will be a breakthrough show . 
i can’t believe matt damon is alone on mars without ben affleck . 
the worst thing about this new iphone 6s is that it ' s the exact size & weight of a brick . wait , crap , this is a brick . damn you , craigslist . 
now that the red sox season is over , i can turn my attention to my vintage doll collection . 
new york is imposing new rules for toplessness in times square . guys , how many times do i have to say i was drunk and i’m sorry ? 
wow talk about hard living . just found out bernie sanders is 41 . 
a 13 - year - old girl has become the world’s youngest psychologist . each session is an hour and she takes cash , checks or instagram likes . 
i have a love / hate relationship with strong contradictory emotions . 
i am officially suggesting andy richter become the new speaker of the house . he already has a podium and he loves telling people to shut up . 
here’s something you never hear . " guess we just gotta trust russia . " 
life hack : drink 13 pumpkin spice lattes in a row , and your bathroom will smell just like fall ! 
according to a new study , more and more gay americans are coming out on facebook . apparently , gay women come out by introducing their female partner , and gay men come out by recapping " scream queens . " 
a high school student hacked the aol email account of john brennan , the director of the cia . in other words , the student correctly guessed that the password of anyone still using aol is " password . " 
jeb bush’s campaign has a contest now where someone will be flown to houston to meet him , his dad , and his brother . no word on what the winner gets . 
donald trump is now saying that his immigration policies would have prevented 9 / 11 . trump is also claiming his hair would have kept the titanic afloat . 
volkswagen may be forced to buy back all the cars that failed to properly pass their emissions tests . volkswagen officials say that’s fine - because they plan to resell them as rock concert smoke machines . 
a us astronaut has broken the record for the longest stretch of time spent by a human in space - 383 days . the astronaut attributes this to determination , stamina , and " things being weird at home . " 
oprah winfrey is buying a 10% stake in weight watchers . oprah’s financial advisor asked her if she wanted to buy a large stake and oprah said , " oh , yeah ! " 
while accepting the mark twain prize for american humor , eddie murphy did a bill cosby impression . murphy’s cosby impression was so accurate , nine women are suing him . 
the new star wars trailer was released during monday night football and today , all the star wars fans are asking " where’s luke ? " and " why is leia crying ? " star wars fans are also asking , " what’s a football ? " 
the trailer for the new star wars movie made its debut last night during monday night football . star wars fans called it a titillating glimpse into the new franchise , while football fans called it the stupidest beer commercial they’ve ever seen . 
donald trump is now trying to appeal to southerners . yeah , he’s been touring the south and pointing to his hair , saying " how y’all like my critter ? " 
canada elected a new prime minister named justin trudeau , and many consider the guy a heartthrob . the good news is , any canadian heartthrob named justin is sure to be popular forever . 
canada’s new prime minister , justin trudeau , once put on a striptease show for charity . in canada , a strip tease just means unzipping your outer layer of fleece . 
yesterday , first lady michelle obama invited vine stars to the white house . the meeting lasted six seconds . 
when asked about senator ted cruz , george w . bush said , " i just don’t like the guy . " bush went on to say , " i’ve disliked ted cruz ever since he jumped up and down on oprah’s couch . " 
an american astronaut has broken the us record for most days in space - 383 days . when nasa scientists heard this , they said , " oh sh * * - we forgot about earl ! " 
according to nasa , on halloween a massive asteroid is going to pass very close to earth . and in the spirit of halloween , it will be dressed as a slutty asteroid . 
subway has pledged that they will soon stop serving meat from animals raised with antibiotics . meanwhile , arby’s has pledged that it will stop serving meat from animals run over on the interstate . 
in new york , a 100 - year - old woman still works 11 hours a day , six days a week . the bad news is , she’s a stripper . she doesn’t dance to " cherry pie , " she gives you the recipe for it . 
joe biden announced he is not running for president . and so , as promised , hillary clinton immediately released his dog . 
today is " back to the future " day . it’s the day marty mcfly traveled forward in time only to find out the most important thing to people in 2015 is movies from the ' 80s . 
bernie sanders praised joe biden’s decision not to run . sanders said , " there’s only room for one goofy old dude . " 
at the white house the other day , president obama sang to usher . and because the president was singing , usher went to the situation room and approved a drone strike in syria . 
the cubs are on the verge of being eliminated from the national league playoffs . cubs fans haven’t been this disappointed since every moment of their lives . 
the state of louisiana has been ordered to continue funding planned parenthood . in keeping with louisiana law , they also have to keep offering birth control pills in " regular " and " cajun - style . " 
some white supremacist groups are very upset that the lead actor of the new " star wars " movie is black . they also claim the other six movies were " chock full of undocumented aliens . " 
seattle seahawks star marshawn lynch has had a starbucks drink named after him . starbucks is also honoring tom brady with a venti that deflates to a grande . 
" jurassic world " actress bryce dallas howard said that she will not be wearing heels in the sequel to make the movie more realistic . as anyone who’s seen the movie knows , that’s where the realism in " jurassic world " breaks down . 
a group of astronomers is actively looking for alien signals coming from a distant star in the northern hemisphere . the signals appear to say , " donald trump ? really ? " 
the city of los angeles has voted to allow residents to have as many as five cats at a time . and if you’re found with more than five cats , you’ll be fined , and then automatically signed up for match . com . 
the university of louisville is being accused of luring basketball recruits to the school with strippers and prostitutes . to be fair , college ball is supposed to prepare them for life in the nba . 
instagram has released a new app that creates 1 - second videos . so finally , the proper format to release the “conan o’brien sex tape . ” 
yesterday , the chicago cubs were knocked out of the baseball playoffs . or as that’s known in chicago , " the first sign of winter . " 
during the benghazi hearings , there was one moment when a representative told hillary clinton that he could wait while she reads her notes , and she said , " i can do more than one thing at a time . " then bill clinton said , " when i say that , i get in trouble . " 
the chinese communist party has banned golf , gluttony , excessive drinking , and adultery . hey , if you guys don’t want american tourists just say so . 
one of the latest fan theories out there now is that , in the new " star wars " film , luke skywalker will be evil . even more shocking , yoda will be a 9th grade grammar teacher . 
youtube is introducing a service that’s going to let users all skip the ads . i’ll tell you all about it after we have a little chat about geico . 
a judge in indiana has ruled it is legal to take a selfie while voting . the judge also said it’s ok to send a d * * * pic while waiting in line at the post office . 
scientists are reportedly testing a new anti - aging drug that could lengthen the lives of dogs . and even better — shorten the lives of cats . 
according to a new study , marijuana use in america has doubled in the past decade . and apparently , it’s all thanks to one dude named brody . 
is there anything more satisfying than gnawing on a small piece of sandpaper ? yes . 
robots are taking over so many jobs , it’s only a matter of time before i go to starbucks and get my name misspelled in binary . 
it will be a major , herculean challenge , but i think i can bring back the weave belt . 
i’m wondering if now that he dropped out i can still wear my " sexy lincoln chafee " costume for halloween . 
just now envisioning how weird it would have been for the original patriots to square off against real , actual jets . 
one of the top halloween costumes this year is donald trump . which is why this year , the phrase " trick or treat , " has been replaced with " gimme a kit kat or i’ll deport you . " 
during a town hall meeting , donald trump was asked by matt lauer if he is nice enough to be president . trump answered , " of course i’m nice enough , baldy . " 
a comedian has been elected president of guatemala . apparently , i start next monday . 
today is hillary clinton’s 68th birthday . there was an awkward moment when a stripper jumped out of her birthday cake and said , " whoops , wrong clinton . " 
analysts say bernie sanders has shifted his focus to more aggressive attacks on hillary clinton . in fact , sanders is planning to go after her e - mails as soon as his granddaughter explains to him what an " e - mail " is . 
on " 60 minutes , " vice president joe biden said he chose not to run for president because he couldn’t win . after hearing this , bobby jindal said , " since when is that a reason not to run ? " 
chris christie was kicked out of the amtrak quiet car for talking on his phone . then christie was kicked out of the dining car for " crimes against pretzel bags . " 
ben carson now holds a 14 - point lead over donald trump in iowa . experts say carson appeals to iowa’s conservatives , iowa’s evangelicals , and both of iowa’s black people . 
the san diego chargers have announced plans to move to los angeles . however , they’re taking the i - 5 , so they won’t be here for eight years . 
starbucks has a halloween - themed frappuccino . it’s halloween - themed because the price of it will scare the sh * * out of you . 
a man named zaq is creating his own sovereign nation in utah that he is calling " zaqistan . " unfortunately , zaqistan has gotten into a ground war with its neighbor , the " people’s republic of todd . " 
justin bieber was the big winner at the mtv europe music awards . the big losers were europe and music . 
one of the top political halloween costumes this year is donald trump . meanwhile , even jeb bush doesn’t want to go out dressed as jeb bush . 
chris christie was kicked out of the amtrak quiet car for making too much noise . christie said it wasn’t him that was making the noise , it was his eight pound block of peanut brittle . 
yesterday on twitter , magic johnson wished hillary clinton a happy birthday . hillary was confused at first because her husband’s twitter handle is also " magic johnson . " 
russia is making plans to send four monkeys to mars . not as preparation for a human mission - but because the monkeys criticized vladimir putin . 
a cracker that survived the sinking of the titanic sold today for $ 23 , 000 . experts say the 100 - year - old titanic cracker pairs very well with any hot dog from 7 - 11 . 
a prominent chinese economist named xie zuoshi is suggesting that due to china’s shortage of women , chinese men should share wives . sounds to me like someone’s not doing well on tinder . 
oxford university has conducted a study to find out where people are most uncomfortable being touched . turns out it’s " in a lab at oxford university . " 
the doctor called the " father of botox " has passed away at age 70 . his patients are grief - stricken but have no way to express it . 
there is a new app that will tell you before you buy a house if there was ever a meth lab in it . all the app does is ask , " is the house in florida ? " 
tonight’s republican debate took place in colorado , where marijuana is legal . which explains why every single question from the audience was , " where am i ? " 
on monday , former heavyweight champ mike tyson endorsed donald trump . tyson joins trump’s biggest group of supporters : " people who have been hit in the head a lot . " 
analysts are speculating that donald trump is losing the support of evangelical christians . that’s right - people who believe the earth is only 6 , 000 years old are starting to think donald trump is ridiculous . 
tonight is game 2 of the world series . they might have to cancel it though , apparently they’re still playing game 1 . 
tonight was the world series and the republican debate . in other words , two events with completely different attitudes toward latino immigrants . 
the math skills of american students have dropped for the first time since 1990 . or as american math students put it , " since eight years ago . " 
one of the most surprising fan theories about the new " star wars " film is that luke skywalker will be evil . an even more shocking theory is that c - 3po will be straight . 
a new study just came out that shows decreasing the amount of sugar in obese children ' s diet improves their health within 10 days . the study was conducted by a bunch of jerks trying to ruin halloween . 
this saturday is halloween and a lot of people this year are going as presidential candidates . however , i’m not sure i want to see a slutty mike huckabee . 
for halloween , google maps has created a street view tour of the world’s scariest locations . the scariest locations include a haunted castle in scotland , a graveyard in transylvania , and the bathroom of a del taco . 
during last night’s debate , donald trump said he would feel more comfortable if his own employees brought firearms to work . when they heard that , many of trump’s hispanic employees said , " no problemo . " 
analysts are saying that after last night’s dismal performance at the debate , jeb bush’s donors are in " full panic mode . " apparently , last night , jeb bush called his two biggest donors and said , " calm down , mom and dad . " 
amazon is considering starting its own clothing line . which is strange , because what’s great about shopping on amazon is not having to wear clothes . 
china announced it is going to start allowing couples to have more than one child . which means nine months from now , apple’s work force in china will double . 
the irs is now giving full married - couple tax status to same - sex couples . which explains the new app , " grindr - just - for - tax - purposes . " 
the city of los angeles voted to allow residents to house up to five cats at a time . now i have to figure out which seven to get rid of . 
according to a new study , 10% of vegetarian " hot dogs " contain meat . so if you’ve ever enjoyed a vegetarian hot dog , now you know why . 
i’ve won fantasy football by never ever playing it . 
seaworld just announced that it is ending its orca shows . that’s the good news , the bad news is , they’re starting a new show where they beat the shit out of a trout . 
seaworld is phasing out its killer whale show . or as fox news reported it , " more killers set free under obama . " 
ben carson apparently has a painting of himself with jesus . when he heard this , larry king said , " big deal , i have a selfie with jesus . " 
some evangelical christians claim that because this year’s starbucks holiday cup doesn ' t have any christmas symbols , starbucks hates jesus . in response , a spokesman for starbucks said , " we like anyone who can turn water into something we can charge $ 7 a cup for . " 
in mississippi this weekend , a sinkhole swallowed 12 cars in an ihop parking lot . it’s being called " the smallest thing ever swallowed at a mississippi ihop . " 
donald trump said if he becomes president , americans will be " saying merry christmas again . " which may be true , but if he becomes president , we’ll be saying it from our new homes in canada . 
because donald trump hosted " saturday night live , " nbc is now obligated to give the other presidential candidates free air time . as a result , each candidate will appear as a tattoo on that girl from " blindspot " 
donald trump said ben carson is wrong about the egyptian pyramids being used to store grain , because the pyramids are solid . and that , ladies and gentlemen , perfectly sums up the republican presidential race . 
president obama now has a personal facebook page where he says he wants to have real conversations about issues . in other words , he’s new to facebook . 
yesterday , jeb bush was asked if he would go back in time and kill baby hitler , and bush said , " hell yeah , i would . " bush was asked this in a college dorm room while getting stoned at 3 : 00 am . 
in texas , uber has launched a horse and buggy version of its service . it ' s the first uber app that says , " your driver will arrive in three to four days . " 
yesterday , medical marijuana went on sale in chicago . as a result , chicago has just been forced to dip into its strategic sausage reserve . 
seaworld has announced it will end its controversial orca shows . however , they’re going to keep their xxx sea turtle sex show . when the shell comes off . . . things get crazy . 
for veterans day , hooters is offering all veterans a free meal . and if you’re a sailor , you get to motorboat the waitress . 
it’s come out that many christians who are angry about starbucks ' plain red holiday cup are now taking their business to dunkin donuts . one pastor said , " the more we eat at dunkin donuts , the sooner we get to meet jesus . " 
donald trump said he got to know vladimir putin very well because they were on " 60 minutes " the same night , even though they were interviewed by different hosts in different locations . then he said it was a pleasure to meet flo the progressive lady during the commercial break . 
at last night’s debate , donald trump said the new pacific trade agreement would let " china come in the back door and take advantage of everyone . " that claim has been disputed by economists , but confirmed by the website " hotchinesebackdooraction . com " 
during the debate last night , marco rubio said , " we need more welders and less philosophers . " graduates with a philosophy degree were so furious , they got on their parents ' computers and wrote angry emails . 
this week , al gore said he is not ready to endorse hillary clinton . meanwhile , hillary said she’s not ready to give a sh * * . 
apple announced a plan to create 1 , 000 new jobs in ireland . irish people were excited , until apple told them , " it’s a genius bar , not a guinness bar . " 
researchers have published a letter from a harvard student in 1743 asking his parents for money . on the bright side , just this year his student loans were finally paid off . 
a theater in ohio is under fire for casting a white actor to play martin luther king jr . theatergoers realized something was off when they heard dr . king say , " i have a dream , and it’s to see coldplay live . " 
the ceo of disney is now getting involved in bringing an nfl team to los angeles . so football fans , get ready for the crushing defense of " the los angeles little mermaids . " 
donald trump’s latest attack on hillary clinton is that her hair isn’t real . trump says he knows this because he saw her in line at his wig store . 
first ben carson said he attacked his mother with a hammer , now ben carson’s mother is saying she’s the one who attacked ben with a hammer . i don’t know about you , but that’s going to be one awkward thanksgiving at the carson house . 
the american postal workers union has endorsed bernie sanders . they like bernie because he’s the only candidate who’s old enough to still be using the u . s postal service . 
on the campaign trail this week , jeb bush gave one of his supporters a chest bump . she is no longer supporting him . 
a man in tennessee has apologized to his wife after he plead guilty for trying to have her killed three times . you know who should be apologizing - his hitman . 
according to new research , the number of obese women has overtaken the number of obese men . or as that’s being called by women’s groups , " breaking the glass floor . " 
bloomingdales has apologized for a controversial holiday ad that encouraged men to spike their female friends ' eggnog . in their defense , bloomingdales was using the ad to try to sell some cosby sweaters . 
lyft has a new promotion where you can get a discount on justin bieber’s latest album . meanwhile , if you take uber , you could be driven by one of the backstreet boys . 
radioshack just announced they will be celebrating black friday on wednesday . mostly because radio shack’s worried they won’t be around on friday . 
economists are predicting that the adultery website ashley madison will go out of business very soon . in fact , many of its customers are already seeing other adultery websites on the side . 
archaeologists in israel have discovered an ancient formation as old as stonehenge that’s known as the " wheel of giants . " they claim that ancient locals used to gather around the wheel nightly and purchase vowels . 
a vip ticket to the justin bieber concert costs $ 2 , 000 ; it includes the show , a backstage tour , and a selfie with justin bieber . even more amazing , for $ 3 , 000 dollars , you get a show , a backstage tour , and no selfie with justin bieber . 
there is reportedly a shortage of turkeys this thanksgiving . so it’s official , even turkeys don’t want to spend thanksgiving with your family . 
after seven years in office , president obama has finally joined facebook . so expect a spike in the number of people claiming to have a black friend . 
at a campaign rally , donald trump said he would " bomb the shit " out of isis . it’s all part of his new campaign slogan , " donald trump : the drunk guy next to you at the sports bar . " 
bernie sanders recently joined snapchat . so in case you were wondering , you can get snapchat on a rotary phone . 
campbells is recalling over 300 , 000 cans of spaghettios . turns out , they contain a very dangerous substance called “spaghettios . ” 
critics are panning angelina jolie and brad pitt’s new movie saying the film has " long stretches where nothing much happens . " angelina jolie and brad pitt responded " since when is looking at us not enough ? " 
the kids band the wiggles announced they will play a reunion concert next year - for adults only . you can buy tickets at imacreep . biz 
cyber monday is the day when millions of americans go online to shop , give up after 20 minutes , and look at porn . 
lakers legend kobe bryant announced he’ll retire at the end of the season . meanwhile , the rest of the lakers announced they quit playing a month ago . 
donald trump’s popular " make america great again " hats are actually made at a california factory that employs mexican immigrants . even more embarrassing for trump , his hair is made by syrian refugees . 
donald trump claimed to have " many muslim friends . " however , when asked for specific names , the only one he could come up with was " the genie from ' aladdin . ' " 
the ' 80s rock band twisted sister has said donald trump can use their song " we’re not gonna take it . " meanwhile , ben carson has not heard back from motley crue regarding " dr . feelgood . " 
paul ryan has become the first speaker of the house in over 90 years to grow a beard . meanwhile , marco rubio is the first presidential candidate to sport a chocolate milk moustache . 
researchers have begun testing the very first drug that could stop the aging process . it’s called " cyanide . " 
a group of japanese scientists has created a hologram you can actually touch . the hologram is so lifelike , many japanese men have broken up with their sex robots . 
mark zuckerberg celebrated the birth of his daughter with the pledge to give away 99% of his wealth . which is why his daughter’s first words were “that son of a b * * * * . ” 
yesterday was cyber monday , where americans spent billions of dollars while shopping online . and tomorrow we’ll be celebrating what the hell is all this shit wednesday ? 
forecasters say el niño should bring much - needed rain to california . meanwhile , donald trump said if elected president he won’t let el niño into the country . 
donald trump is still under fire for mocking a reporter with physical disabilities . trump told his supporters , " don’t worry , i’ll soon do something worse and all this will be forgotten . " 
chris christie said that if elected president , he would not rule out waterboarding . then he said , " not for prisoners , but as a way to prepare chicken . " 
pope francis is calling for an audit of all the catholic church’s wealth . in a related story , pope francis is missing . 
in beijing , because pollution has reached 35 times the safety level , children have been ordered to stay home . this could mean a delay for anyone who ordered a new iphone . 
a new trend is parents naming their kids after instagram filters . frankly , i don’t see what the problem is - neither does my daughter , sepia . 
according to a report on wasteful government spending , the government spent over $ 300 , 000 on a study of seniors ' dating habits . on the other hand , we know now that grandma is " dtf . " 
los angeles is getting much closer to having an nfl team next year . so pretty soon , the lakers won’t be the only team in la scoring about 20 points a game . 
yahoo reports that among its top searches of the year are minecraft and the kardashian family . both of them were searched under the phrase , " two - dimensional brightly - colored tools . " 
a california man won a $ 1 , 000 lottery prize and immediately bought more tickets and won $ 10 million more . so another round of congratulations to mark zuckerberg ! 
after years of being banned , adolf hitler’s " mein kampf " is headed back to german bookstores . the new edition has a foreword by donald trump . 
political analysts say that the republican leaders are paralyzed over what to do about donald trump . upon hearing that they were paralyzed , donald trump immediately started making fun of them . 
puerto rico is in deep financial trouble - its governor announced , " let us be clear : we have no cash . " then he said , " on the bright side , we have rum coming out our a * * * * ! " 
experts in israel are trying to recreate a wine used in the time of jesus . apparently , all they need is some water and jesus . 
fox studios said the internet rumor is false and in his new film , leonardo dicaprio is not , i repeat , not raped by a bear . the rumor got started because the title of the film is " leonardo dicaprio gets raped by a bear . " 
mcdonald’s is trying out a new service at some california locations where employees will serve customers at their tables . they’re calling this service " applebee’s . " 
a new dating site launched that is exclusively for fans of disney . ladies , just be careful if any guys say they want to text you a picture of pinocchio’s nose . 
donald trump has finally agreed to release his medical records . trump is apparently healthy , but unfortunately the carpet does match the drapes . 
today is the 23rd anniversary of the first text message . or , as my friend texted me , " today is the 23rd anvil - ersary of the fist texas massage . " 
ihop has removed soda from their kids ' menus . a spokesperson for ihop said , " children ' s health is our first priority , " and then he laughed for four hours . 
it’s come out that last year , a man was able to get past the secret service and speak with president obama by pretending to be a congressman . the secret service realized he wasn’t a congressman because he was willing to be seen with president obama . 
in new york , federal authorities have seized 274 pairs of shoes made from endangered species . the shoes were made from rhino horn , crocodile skin , and jeb bush supporters . 
for its 25th anniversary , the music festival lollapalooza is adding a fourth day . that extra day will be devoted to showering . 
thieves stole one million worth of jewels in santa fe , new mexico . police in santa fe are on the lookout for someone wearing " way too much turquoise . " 
security experts say the new interactive barbie doll could be vulnerable to hackers . even worse , they say barbie’s dream house can be easily converted into barbie’s meth lab . 
ford has a new software update that will enable siri in some of their vehicles . so soon you can be in your ford telling siri to take you to a honda dealership . 
a company is currently working with scientists to develop a marijuana breathalyzer . the way it works is it measures the level of funyons on your breath . 
according to a new study , men overeat because they’re trying to impress women . apparently , women subconsciously say to themselves , " wow , if he can eat that… " 
i finally got my tickets to the new star wars movie . june 11 is a pretty good date , right ? 
if eating fish is so good for your brain , how come sharks always score so poorly on the sat ? 
it’s crazy how one controversial tweet can ruin an entire career . thank satan that hasn’t happened to me ! 
you think ben carson’s comments are nutty , my doctor thinks the pyramids are fallen tetris pieces . 
you know how adults sound in the peanuts specials ? that’s what everybody sounds like when they’re not talking about me . 
the car horn is great training for the facebook dislike button . 
there’s a new alarm clock that wakes you up by slapping you in the face . no word yet on which german company came up with it . 
astronomers have found the farthest object in our solar system . it’s the airport your friend needs a lift to . 
carly simon finally reveals who the song " you’re so vain " is about : lester holt . 
the kkk has gone to the supreme court to adopt a highway . well , technically , just the white stripe in the middle . 
i ' m great in the sack , not so great in the bed . 
msnbc created a virtual reality app that lets you experience life in prison . doesn’t anyone want to be surprised anymore ? 
turkey contains tryptophan which makes people very ben carsony . 
what am i thankful for ? my family , friends , a fulfilling career . . . soup . . . the 140 - character limit that keeps me from having to continue . 
finally , a thanksgiving without a drunken uncle . just me , my nieces and nephews and my bottle of jack daniels . 
i got pushed , elbowed and kicked on black friday . and i did all my shopping on my home computer . 
my amazon wish list is mostly lozenges and klingon knives . 
i used to be a nervous flyer , but i stumbled upon a trick that always keeps me calm - continuous screaming . 
i figured out how to make the ñ in jalapeño , ñow does añyoñe kñow how to turñ it off ? 
when i die , i want to be cremated and my ashes formed into the shape of a tiny skeleton . 
when my wife and i argue , she ' s the one who sleeps on the couch - greg couch , our next door neighbor . 
i remember the good old days when a movie poster could just be a movie poster without having to sell out and advertise an upcoming movie . 
after months of practice , i can finally touch my toes . ( by telling them that they are beautiful . ) 
the shortlist of candidates for time magazine ' s " person of the year " apparently includes caitlyn jenner , vladimir putin , and donald trump . caitlyn jenner said , " those two men are the reason i identify as a woman . " 
after president obama said last night that muslims are some of our sports heroes , donald trump sent out a tweet saying " which sport is he talking about ? " trump’s tweet was retweeted by muhammad ali and kareem abdul - jabbar . 
donald trump said today that all muslims , even us citizens and those serving in the armed forces , should be barred from entering the united states . trump’s statement was so outrageous and so offensive , his poll numbers went up 20 points . 
ted cruz has jumped ahead of donald trump in the latest iowa poll . the poll was called " who’s crazier ? " 
it was reported today that more than 50 members of congress still haven’t paid back their student loans . john mccain said he just needs a little more time . 
it has come out that a top russian official recently met with pamela anderson . the russian official said it was an honor to meet someone who’s posed for more topless photos than vladimir putin . 
a new dating website allows users to post their std results straight from the clinic . the site is called " ew - harmony . com . " 
in missouri , a man named bud weisser was arrested for trespassing at the budweiser plant . in his defense , the man said he was just looking for his mail . 
in the united kingdom , a sperm donor has fathered 54 children . today , he was offered a contract by the nba . 
kim kardashian and kanye west had their baby over the weekend but they waited until today to reveal the name . when asked why they waited so long , kim and kanye said , " we’re very private people . " 
in florida , a naked man was arrested for driving 110 mph while drunk . he was charged with florida’s most serious crime , " not being on meth . " 
hanukkah is eight nights , and it lasts eight days . if it lasts longer than that consult your rabbi . 
fox analyst ralph peters was suspended after he called president obama " a total p * * * * " live on television . which is shocking , since the name of the fox news show is , " president obama is a total p * * * * and friends . " 
a new report claims isis has been using american weapons in their fight against the united states . the weapons include tanks , rifles , and donald trump . 
donald trump said he would not put muslims in internment camps . he said they would all stay at his luxurious new " trump hotel and internment resort . " 
dick cheney said donald trump’s comments yesterday go against everything america stands for . cheney said , " in other words , he’s got my full support . " 
donald trump said he could call bill gates and ask him to close down the internet . then bill gates said he could call donald trump and explain how the internet actually works . 
pope francis is launching a campaign he calls the " revolution of tenderness . " it’s the first papal decree in history to be named after a marvin gaye album . 
last week was the 23rd anniversary of the first text message . coincidentally , it was also the 23rd anniversary of the first rear end collision . 
" star wars " fans started lining up for " the force awakens " 12 days early . so if you see people in la sitting on the sidewalk in robes muttering about space ships , they might be " star wars " fans . 
time magazine picked their person of the year and they chose german chancellor angela merkel over donald trump - donald trump tweeted that he knew time magazine wouldn’t choose him and that they picked " the person who was ruining germany . " then trump said , " germany hasn’t had a great leader since the 1940 ' s . " 
donald trump told " people magazine " that he’s good at sports . which could be true , because it does seem like he’s had a lot of concussions . 
a fox news analyst has been suspended for calling president obama a " total p * * * * . " not because the word is obscene - because republicans found it too close to a discussion of women’s health issues . 
marco rubio said in a new interview that his favorite show is " the walking dead . " when asked why , rubio said , " i’m a senator from florida - those are my constituents . " 
the state of texas is trying to stop a family of syrian refugees from resettling there . texas officials said , " we’re too busy with christmas to think about a middle eastern family with no place to stay for the night . " 
according to a new report , the united states has the most powerful cyberweapons on earth . those cyberweapons are kim and kanye’s instagram accounts . 
united airlines announced they are bringing back free snacks for the first time since 2008 . unfortunately , the snacks are also from 2008 . 
according to a recent survey , 20% of americans use the internet " almost constantly . " the other 80% only stop using it when their spouse walks into the room . 
donald trump has cancelled a planned trip to israel . when asked why , trump said , " they already have a wall and a fear of muslims . my work there is done . " 
during a photo shoot for time magazine , a bald eagle tried to attack donald trump . the only thing that saved trump’s life was the angry hawk living in his hair . 
this morning , america ferrera announced the golden globes , but the globes ' twitter account mixed her up with latina actress gina rodriguez . the globes said they’re terribly sorry , and immediately apologized to sofia vergara . 
the navy is facing a lot of criticism today for naming their newest combat ship after andrew jackson . so to completely avoid controversy , they’re going to rename the ship after michael jackson . 
researchers at cornell have successfully bred the first puppies in a test tube . which is great , because we all know how much dogs hate doin ' it . 
in an interview , larry king said when he dies he wants to be cryogenically frozen . larry said , " i was frozen once during the ice age - i loved it . it was the best nap i ever had . " 
a new study finds that the most stds in america occur in the south . which explains that popular saying , " woo - wee , i got herpes ! " 
here in los angeles , a couple is planning to get married while waiting in line for the new star wars movie . the couple ' s family is unable to attend because they ' re too busy being embarrassed . 
donald trump ' s doctor wrote a letter saying that if elected , mr . trump will be " the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency . " then , when asked about trump’s mental health , the doctor got very quiet . 
a golf course owned by donald trump is no longer being considered to host a major golf tournament due to remarks that trump has made about mexicans and muslims . you know there’s a problem when your views on race are too extreme for a private golf club . 
in england , a drunk driver crashed his car , fled the scene , and was discovered hiding in a nativity scene . police were suspicious when they saw a wise man vomiting on a donkey . 
last week on " wheel of fortune , " vanna white had a wardrobe malfunction . that explains why your grandpa had his first erection in 15 years . 
kim kardashian and kanye west say they will have no more children . when asked why , they said , " all the really terrible names are taken . " 
kim kardashian , who recently gave birth , just announced plans to eat the placenta . after hearing this , khloe said , " sorry , you should have labeled it before you put it in the fridge . " 
the fifth republican debate took place tonight in las vegas . the vegas debate included nine candidates , and , due to a little mix up , celine dion and a white tiger . 
a new study claims the stress of being president takes three years off your life . so suddenly everyone is thinking of voting for trump . 
last night at a casino in las vegas , donald trump declared , " i expect to win iowa . " which is odd because , usually when trump is around a casino , the only thing he declares is bankruptcy . 
critics are saying the new star wars film has strongly - written female characters . the most surprising of these is the new breakout character , " she - bacca . " 
for christmas , the first lady michelle obama said both her daughters asked for money . or , as fox news reported it , " obama gives more handouts to the unemployed . " 
in california , a woman took an entire week to transform her parents’ home into a gingerbread house . and when they saw their house , mr . and mrs . feingold were pissed . 
a woman has named her baby uber after giving birth in an uber on the way to the hospital . frankly , i’m more interested in hearing about birth of her first child , unicycle . 
kim and kanye’s 2 - year - old daughter north has released her first tweet . it was just three letters , " sos . " 
last night , the gop debate took place in las vegas . cnn said the republicans chose that location because " nothing says fiscal responsibility and wise choices like las vegas . " 
a new poll came out and it found that , of all the republican candidates , people think donald trump would make the best santa claus . in response , chris christie said , " oh come on , what do i gotta do ? " 
at a donald trump rally the other night , a supporter shouted out the nazi salute " sieg heil ! " trump immediately responded , " there is no place for that here - save it for my inauguration . " 
target has stopped selling hoverboards after reports that they catch fire . meanwhile at costco , they’re selling them as the " george foreman grill on wheels . " 
in south carolina , a lawmaker introduced a bill that would put a 24 - hour waiting period on viagra . today , the lawmaker said to voters , " i’m sorry i thought you said you wanted erection reform . ' " 
a woman has named her baby uber after giving birth in an uber on the way to the hospital . even better , the baby gave his mother’s uterus 5 stars ! 
in florida , a 98 - year - old man shot a hole - in - one . the 98 - year - old was shocked , mostly because he had no idea he was playing golf . 
an nyu grad student has developed a robotic hand that makes your tinder - swiping decisions for you . of course , if you have a robotic hand , you really don’t need tinder . 
i just learned that " machu picchu " is incan for " overpriced key chains . " 
' tis the season to contemplate how much time you ' re saving by saying ' tis . 
not a good day . just learned that not only did i not get a golden globe nomination for my role in " trumbo , " apparently i ' m not even in it . 
fun party hosting tip : put dozens of extra coats on the bed . when guests ask where everyone else is , laugh maniacally & change the subject . 
remember how mitt romney strapped a dog to the roof of his car ? that seems quaint now . 
in line to visit santa claus , and the kid ahead of us just told santa he only wants one thing for christmas : " the goddamn truth . " 
it ' s true the new " star wars " makes you feel like a 10 - year - old kid again . i had to rush out of a screening to go home and wet the bed . 
i feel really silly dressed up as a stormtrooper in line to see “brooklyn . ” 
can we all agree that the person who first thought of dangling long , fuzzy socks over a fireplace was an arsonist ? 
i ' m not sure which religion it is , but my neighbors celebrate christmas by placing all of the husband ' s belongings on the front lawn . 
idea : fracking , but for eggnog . 
does anyone know if i can return a $ 450 , 000 hovercraft without a receipt ? 
not only do i hate the phrase , " you do you , bro " but i wrote it in such large letters that i now can ' t even see myself in this mirror . 
what champagne is best paired with alone in the dark ? 
maybe now that it’s 2016 , we can finally start talking about the presidential election . 
i like to think of myself as the kind of boss who brings donuts in the morning . thinking about it is enough , right ? 
donald trump called bill clinton a woman abuser and hillary clinton an " enabler . " then he called the clinton marriage , " the best one i’ve ever seen . " 
donald trump released his first tv ad . the ad will air on the big four networks during primetime , cable channels during the day , and on univision when hell freezes over . 
donald trump’s television ad mistakenly shows footage from morocco instead of mexico . trump insists it’s not a mistake , and he’s going to build a fence along the us - moroccan border and make morocco pay for it . 
a militia group that is protesting the us government has taken over a wildlife refuge in oregon . of course you can understand why they’re angry , it’s really not easy being a white man in oregon . 
there is a new dating site just for white people . it’s called the " downton abbey " chatroom . 
thanks to congress , meat producers no longer have to tell consumers where their meat comes from . upon hearing this , arby ' s said , " waaay ahead of you , man . " 
a new study came out , it reveals some dangerous side effects from childbirth . the dangerous side effects women suffer include pelvic injuries , muscle tears , and children . 
in new york , a gang of strippers is being charged with drugging male clients and robbing them of hundreds of thousands of dollars . when asked about it , the male clients said , " still worth it . " 
a study found that moderate consumption of red wine leads to higher test scores . so apparently , i spent new year’s eve " cramming for a final . " 
a company has introduced a " smart bra " that measures the number of steps you take and it’s called the " ombra . " which is a much better name than the original choice , " titbit . " 
it came late , but el niño finally arrived here in los angeles . in case you didn’t know , el niño is spanish for " little boy . " so apparently the reason el niño was so late , is because it wanted to make sure jared fogle was in prison . 
the parents of a 6 - year - old canadian boy are angry because he’s been put on the no - fly list . tsa agents said , “we’re trying to prevent the next bieber . ” 
justin bieber posted a picture of himself on instagram wearing cornrows . it’s quite a transformation , now he looks like a jamaican lesbian . 
a company has come out with a speaker that pregnant woman can insert in their vaginas so their babies , who are not born yet , can hear music . and ladies , if you really turn up the bass , you’ll never need a man in your life again . 
another day of heavy rain here in los angeles . which is great if you’re worried about the drought , or if you just like the smell of wet man bun . 
donald trump ' s wife melania said she was initially attracted to donald because of his energy . by the way , " energy " is the slovenian word for " money . " 
twitter is testing a feature that will allow you to write a post that contains up to 10 , 000 characters . they’re calling this exciting new feature " facebook . " 
the government of iraq has offered to mediate between saudi arabia and iran . you know the middle east is in trouble when your greatest hope for peace is " meeting up in iraq . " 
since january 1st , texas is allowing gun owners to carry their guns openly in most public places . however , you still have to conceal your science book . 
former new mexico governor gary johnson announced he is running for president as a libertarian and he supports legalizing marijuana . you can tell he’s pro - marijuana , because he was supposed to announce he’s running four months ago . 
a new study came out that found the more porn a man watches , the less motivation he has . i was going to read more about the study , but for some reason i just completely lost interest . 
the fda is planning to prohibit anyone under the age of 18 from using e - cigarettes . the head of the fda said , " it’s not for health reasons , they just make you look so douchey . " 
donald trump is now accusing ted cruz of having a canadian passport . cruz said he doesn’t have a canadian passport , but like everyone else he’ll get one the minute donald trump becomes president . 
former toronto mayor rob ford , who was videotaped smoking crack , now says he wants to be toronto’s mayor again . when asked why he wants the job again , he said , " so i can afford to buy crack . " 
in southern california , residents can get up to $ 100 if they use rain barrels to catch extra rainwater . experts say it’s a great way to make money , two days a year . 
in germany , a man invented a birth control device that allows men to turn off the flow of semen . the device is called " mom jeans . " 
after a massive storm , ranchers in texas are now looking for their lost cattle on facebook . surprisingly , they found six of them on grindr . 
scientists say they have discovered evidence of the mating habits of dinosaurs . what they found are giant footprints from the world’s first " walk of shame . " 
my favorite jai alai player ? iñaki goikoetxea of the basque country , of course . 
my plan to defeat isis ? get them to eat at chipotle . 
my new year ' z rezolution iz to have more fun with z ' s . 
it’s january 9th . only two more weeks until the christmas presents i bought on etsy arrive ! 
ok , little concerned about the patriots . bill belichick just called and asked if i’ve ever played wide receiver . 
the minnesota vikings lost their playoff game yesterday when their kicker missed a 27 - yard field goal . the kicker is now in an undisclosed location , waiting to meet with sean penn . 
mexican drug lord el chapo was captured by authorities after meeting with sean penn . as a result , bill cosby just canceled his lunch with sean penn . 
at last night’s golden globes , the movie " the martian " won for best comedy or musical . in a related story , the golden globes won the prize for “best cop drama or best latin gospel album . ” 
during a donald trump rally yesterday , a man was kicked out for yelling , " this is boring . " the man then went to a jeb bush rally and realized he owed trump an apology . 
due to pressure from animal rights groups , ringling brothers circus has announced they will end their elephant show in may . when told , the elephants said , " great - looks like it’s back to stripping for us . " 
the new york times is describing president obama’s state of the union as " a balance of terror and reality . " which , coincidentally , is also the motto of match . com . 
hillary clinton said she went to donald trump’s wedding but didn’t give him a gift . trump said , " just for that , you’re not coming to my next three weddings . " 
the other republican candidates keep attacking marco rubio implying he’s a child . however , rubio has hit back against these charges , threatening repeatedly to " tell mom . " 
as you all know , sean penn recently interviewed el chapo . not to be outdone , keanu reeves now wants to interview el niño . 
the set of " sesame street " just got a major upgrade , and now elmo lives in a brownstone apartment . and in another upscale move , cookie monster has been replaced by the gluten - free biscotti monster . 
one of the gadgets to come out of the consumer electronics show was a drone that follows you around and lets you take selfies 24 / 7 . the device was developed by a team of the world’s leading kardashiologists . 
a new report says america’s fast food restaurants are seeking alternatives to the term " fast food . " so far the leading choices are " fast - crafted " " fine casual " and " just trust us it’s meat . " 
one of the hottest new trends among pet owners is pants for dogs . not so popular ? thongs for cats . 
the st . louis rams will be moving to los angeles . of course like a lot of midwesterners coming to la , they’ll come here with big dreams and end up waiting tables . 
the st . louis rams will be moving to la and building a nearly $ 2 billion dollar stadium here . apparently the rams intend to accomplish this by winning the powerball . 
in his final state of the union address , president obama said the united states should not be the world’s " policeman . " he said , " at most , we should be its high school drop - out security guard . " 
while commenting on the state of the union , donald trump said president obama is " living in a fantasy land . " donald trump then went to sleep in his solid gold bed with his supermodel wife . 
when asked if he would apologize to donald trump for calling him a jerk , jeb bush said , " i don’t apologize for it because he is a jerk . " kind of reminds you of the great lincoln - douglas debates , doesn’t it ? 
donald trump has been endorsed by one of the country’s most prominent hate groups . that’s right , his ex - wives . 
hillary clinton bought a powerball ticket and she said if she wins , she’ll use the money to fund her campaign . meanwhile , bill clinton said if he wins , hillary will never see him again . 
in oakland , california , for the first time , a marijuana company will be publicly traded . it’s the first ever stock that you can buy high , and sell high . 
leonardo dicaprio apologized to lady gaga for having a scared look on his face when she walked by him at the golden globes . he said , " i always make that face when a woman over the age of 22 is near me . " 
donald trump has been endorsed by a whites - only group . in response , trump said , " i’m proud to be the official candidate of the us ski team . " 
an nfl player is about to become a father for the 12th time with nine different women . so today , he was traded to the nba . 
a chinese investment firm has bought the company behind the batman movies . which explains why in the next batman movie , a young bruce wayne sees his parents killed , then goes back to making iphones at the factory . 
the movie " fifty shades of grey " has gotten a razzie nomination for worst film of the year . upon hearing this , the film ' s director said , " oooh , looks i’ll have to be punished for that . . . " 
as of yesterday , one direction is officially breaking up . also officially breaking up : my heart . 
a new scientific report suggests that if only one man and woman were left on earth , they could repopulate the world . the report concludes with the creepy line " so what do you say , janice ? " 
a man in portland stole a 2 - foot python from a pet store by putting it in his pants . for a while , i was their prime suspect . 
today is martin luther king jr . day . it’s a very important day , it’s the day where the struggle for racial equality is remembered by all americans and snubbed by the oscar committee . 
a lot of people are upset by the total lack of diversity by the oscar nominations - spike lee and jada pinkett smith announced they will be boycotting this year’s oscars . after hearing about it , vin diesel said , " hey , i boycott the oscars every year . " 
during last night’s debate , hillary clinton said her husband would serve as her " kitchen table " advisor . meanwhile , bernie sanders said his wife would serve as his " hand rails in the bathroom " advisor . 
while speaking at an evangelical university , donald trump misquoted the bible , saying " two corinthians " instead of " second corinthians . " and , several times , instead of saying " god " he said " donald trump . " 
at last week’s republican debate , ted cruz accused donald trump of having " new york values . " trump said that’s ridiculous , then , overcharged cruz for a bagel . 
it was reported today that 62 people own half of the world’s wealth . the other half bet on the green bay packers . 
chipotle said they will be closing all of their stores for one day next month to discuss food safety . i think i speak for most americans when i say , " let’s do it this month ! " 
khloe kardashian has announced she’ll be hosting a new talk show where she drinks cocktails with her guests . the show will be called , " throwing up with the kardashians . " 
today , donald trump got the endorsement of sarah palin . when he heard , john mccain said , " well , then you’re all set . " 
while speaking at an evangelical university , donald trump praised the bible , saying " there’s nothing like it . " of course , trump changed his mind the minute he found out the book is full of middle easterners . 
today , a top lgbt organization officially endorsed hillary clinton . upon hearing this , bill clinton said , " you had me at l . " 
yesterday’s episode of " jeopardy " ended with no one winning . viewers at home were confused and thought they were watching a republican debate . 
due to the lack of diversity among this year’s oscar nominations , many people are calling for a boycott . in fact , today two dead people dropped out of the " in memoriam " montage . 
last night , oscar winner jamie foxx pulled a man from a burning car . even more impressive , he did it as ray charles . 
some scientists say it’s theoretically possible that there may be a universe where time moves backwards . so finally , some good news for laker fans . 
chipotle said they will be closing all of their stores for one day next month to discuss food safety . chipotle said if that doesn’t work they’re going to fall back to plan b , " salmonella sundays . " 
last night , c - span aired a debate in new hampshire among 23 " fringe presidential candidates . " the fringe candidates included a libertarian , a white supremacist , and jeb bush . 
jeb bush mistakenly referred to president obama’s daughter malia as " malala . " when jeb bush apologized for his mistake , malia said , " don ' t worry about it , jethbo . " 
critics are calling sarah palin’s endorsement speech of donald trump " bizarre , " " meandering , " and " mystifying . " in other words , she’s still got it . 
while endorsing donald trump , sarah palin said , " how ' bout the rest of us ? right - wingin ' , bitter - clingin ' , proud clingers of our guns , our god , and our religions . " then she said the craziest thing of all , " i was almost the vice - president . " 
a new poll shows that , in florida , donald trump has the support of nearly 50% of republican voters . however , since it’s florida , at least 25% of those voters probably won’t make it ' til election day . 
netflix announced it will be raising its price for previous discount subscribers . not only that , netflix will add a $ 5 supercharge for every time you " chill . " 
in a tweet , zac efron compared martin luther king ' s dream for racial equality to his own dream of 10 million instagram followers . the tweet was so racially tone deaf it was immediately nominated for an oscar . 
today , the dow ended down 249 points . i’m sorry - did i say " the dow " ? i’m sorry i meant the lakers . 
there’s a trendy new diet plan called " the taco cleanse " that involves eating tacos all day . before it was called the taco cleanse , it was known by its original name " sophomore year of college . " 
rapper will . i . am is supporting hillary clinton for president whereas rapper killer mike said he endorses bernie sanders . when told all of this , sanders said , " what the hell are you talking about ? " 
after sarah palin ' s rambling endorsement of donald trump , she failed to show up at a trump campaign event . palin apologized and said , " i was fresh out of nonsense . " 
donald trump’s supporters are now being called " trumpeters . " and jeb bush’s supporters are being called , " clinically depressed . " 
tea party senator ted cruz claims he currently does not have health insurance . man , this guy will say anything to prove he’s not canadian . 
a surgeon announced that he successfully transplanted a monkey’s head onto a different monkey’s body . the monkey immediately endorsed donald trump . 
there’s a new smartphone app that can tell you what your baby wants when it’s crying . apparently , the most common thing babies say are " i’m hungry , " " i need to be changed , " and " put down your goddamn phone . " 
in an interview , tennis champ andre agassi admitted that he spent his entire career playing without underwear . which , it turns out , is very confusing to the ball boys . 
according to a report that just came out , during the recent blizzard , people spent a lot more time on dating apps . however , due to the low temperatures , no one was sending d * * * pics . 
california police are on the fourth day of a manhunt for three escaped convicts . the dangerous sociopaths are believed to be headed to iowa so they can vote for donald trump . 
ted cruz has been joined on the campaign trail by former candidate governor rick perry . so in other words , ted cruz is the # 1 choice of the guy who was nobody’s choice . 
ben of ben and jerry’s has come out with an ice cream inspired by bernie sanders . a carton costs $ 3 . 99 but when you include tax , it’s $ 200 million dollars . 
in alabama , a dog completed a half marathon . after being congratulated the dog said , " what the hell are you talking about ? i was chasing a car . " 
amherst college has decided to get rid of its mascot , lord jeff , because jeffery amherst famously gave smallpox - infected blankets to native americans . amherst’s new mascot is chipotle . 
a rare white giraffe has been spotted in africa . the white giraffe was immediately captured and nominated for an oscar . 
officials in california are looking for thieves who stole nearly $ 50 , 000 dollars worth of bull semen . sounds like someone’s getting ready to have a pretty crazy super bowl party . 
people are very upset because in a new movie michael jackson is going to be played by a british white man . the producers said , " we didn’t want to cast a white man , but we’d like to get nominated for an oscar . ” " 
chipotle is now being accused of gender discrimination . a spokesperson for chipotle said , " that’s not true , we serve both e . coli and she . coli . " 
last night , ted cruz challenged donald trump to debate him " mano a mano . " in response , trump said , " see , he’s not from this country . " 
in new hampshire , somebody broke into rand paul’s campaign headquarters . police became suspicious when they noticed someone in rand paul’s campaign headquarters . 
ben of ben and jerry’s is coming out with an ice cream for bernie sanders called " bernie’s yearning . " it’s selling a lot better than jerry’s ice cream for hillary , " pantsuit e - mail crunch . " 
gisele bundchen shared a picture of tom brady after he lost the nfl playoffs . it was a heartbreaking photograph of a handsome man being consoled by a brazilian supermodel . 
chase bank atms are getting a new feature that will allow customers to withdraw cash without using a card . the feature is called " a crowbar . " 
an analyst for time magazine says the key to the survival of the republican party is bringing in young women . when told this , bill clinton said , " hey man , that’s the key to every party . " 
huge republican debate tonight , and the big story is donald trump refuses to participate . he looked at the other candidates and said " these guys are crazy . " 
donald trump said his war with fox news is christian because it’s " an eye for an eye . " when told the actual quote from the new testament is " turn the other cheek , " trump said , " hey , no gay stuff . " 
nearly 70% of americans said a trump presidency would make them " anxious . " and 30% said a trump presidency would make them " canadian . " 
mike huckabee has released a campaign video where he parodies adele’s song " hello . " and just like adele , we only hear from mike huckabee every four years . 
a lot of people are upset because in a new movie , michael jackson will be played by british white actor joseph fiennes . they’re also not thrilled about the new james brown biopic starring benedict cumberbatch . 
today , leonardo dicaprio met with pope francis . in terms of number of sexual partners , those two are known as " the spectrum " 
iran’s president was greeted by topless protesters in paris . sadly , the leader of the protest was gerard depardieu . 
el chapo is back in prison and this time he’s not allowed to have any conjugal visits with his wife . he told his lawyer , " great , now they won’t let me near any tunnels . " 
today is the iowa caucus and tomorrow is groundhog day . that’s the day the groundhog peeks out of the hole , sees trump has won iowa , and burrows to canada . 
today is the first day of black history month . and when you think about it - what better way to celebrate black history month than with a caucus in iowa . 
analysts say that for bernie sanders to win he needs college students to show up at the polls . which explains sanders ' new campaign slogan : " i’ve got pizza ! " 
bernie sanders said if he beats hillary clinton in iowa , it will be , " one of the biggest political upsets in the modern history of our country . " it ' s true , nothing like it has happened since the last time hillary clinton ran in iowa . 
president obama is planning to visit a u . s . mosque for his first time as president . when asked why , obama said , " i wanted to go to the one place in america where i won’t see donald trump . " 
new barbies will come in different sizes and with more realistic body types . not only that , the new ken dolls come with beer googles . 
taco bell has a new super bowl deal where people can order a mystery food item . today , the ceo of arby ' s said , " hey , we’ve been giving out mystery food since day one . " 
bernie sanders lost the iowa caucus by . 03% . in other words , bernie would have won if six stoners had managed to get off the couch . 
the bernie sanders campaign is demanding proof that hillary clinton beat him in yesterday’s iowa caucus . today hillary said , " sure , let me check my server . " 
donald trump lost the iowa caucus . trump blamed the media , bad weather , and iowa’s three muslims . 
last night , donald trump in his concession speech said he was going to buy a farm in iowa . he said , " i’m going to get a farm , retire , and then set my hair free . " 
a member of marco rubio’s inner circle said his boss benefitted from the trump - cruz fight because , " marco is everyone’s second choice . " that explains rubio’s new campaign slogan , " i’m the least worst . " 
jeb bush came in sixth place in iowa . jeb blamed his poor performance on people watching the debates and actively following the campaign . 
after his disappointing showing among evangelicals , mike huckabee dropped out of the race . huckabee said , " on the bright side , now i can stop going to church . " 
new barbies will come in a variety of body sizes including " tall , " " petite , " and " curvy . " however , due to some controversy , the company has decided not to make " bootylicious barbie . " 
mcdonald’s now has a special kind of happy meal that comes with a book instead of a toy . the book is called , " d is for diabetes . " 
sarah palin accused ted cruz of lying about ben carson and stealing the iowa caucus . this is my favorite thing in politics , when people lie and cheat to get the evangelical christian vote . 
this week , mike huckabee , martin o’malley , rand paul and rick santorum have all decided to drop out of the race . which explains jeb bush’s new campaign slogan , " i can’t take a hint . " 
bernie sanders says his campaign is trying to appeal now to senior citizens . the problem is , every time bernie says , " feel the bern , " the seniors think he’s talking about acid reflux . 
" sports illustrated " is turning its famous swimsuit issue into a tv special . so guys , good luck bringing your tv into the bathroom . 
a papa john’s customer is suing the restaurant over what he calls an improper 16 - cent tax . he’s also suing them for " improper use of the word ' pizza . ' " 
a man in canada has built a model of the millennium falcon that can clear snow off his driveway . apparently it makes a nice , clear path to his door that no woman will ever enter . 
this morning , donald trump tweeted that ted cruz " illegally stole " the election . trump said , " everyone knows you’re supposed to illegally buy the election . " 
at last night’s town hall , bernie sanders said , " i’ve had good endurance my whole life . " then there was an awkward rebuttal by mrs . bernie sanders . 
the marco rubio campaign is now selling a t - shirt that calls marco rubio " bae . " hillary clinton called it " such a desperate attempt to appeal to young people , i can’t believe i didn’t think of it first . " 
a new report came out , it says chipotle’s e . coli outbreak was linked to its reliance on fresh ingredients . a spokesperson for long john silver’s said , " well , we’re safe ! " 
denver broncos quarterback peyton manning said yesterday he’s going to need to get his hip replaced . man , that is going to be some super halftime show . 
media mogul sumner redstone has stepped down as the chairman of cbs . the 92 - year - old redstone said , " i’m finally old enough to start watching cbs . " 
the newest issue of " playboy " does not feature any full - frontal nudity and instead focuses on social media . so be sure to pick up the final issue of " playboy . " 
an italian chef lost 100 pounds in seven months by eating pizza every day . when asked how , he said , " it’s really shitty pizza . " 
i’m starting to think i’m white enough to play michael jackson . 
hey , hollywood ! wanna buy my show about two musicians named lucas rock and evan roll , called " lucas ' n evan " ? 
paleontology joke of the day : i’m hung like a horse , if the horse is eohippus . 
i thought i had a horrible nightmare last night , turns out i was sleep - reading a kanye west tweet . 
after coming in 5th in iowa , rand paul is dropping out of the presidential race . paul’s supporters are being described as " consolable . " 
carolina panthers ' cam newton is under fire for ducking out of his post - game press conference early . on the bright side , it was the first time all day cam was able to move and not get tackled . 
during the super bowl , quicken loans debuted a new app that lets people get a mortgage instantly on their phones by just tapping the screen . the app is called , " what could possibly go wrong ? " 
tomorrow is the new hampshire primary and it’s also mardi gras . in other words , two occasions where thousands of people scream for boobs . 
while campaigning in new hampshire , jeb bush said that marco rubio has never been challenged in his life . then jeb told the shocking story about the time his father put him in charge of his own trust fund . 
a republican insider compared marco rubio’s debate performance to " looking at your iphone and the video freezes and says it’s buffering . " after hearing this , bernie sanders said , " a what doing what ? " 
in a recent interview , the obamas complained that the wi - fi in the white house is weak . that’s why , as of this morning , president obama and his family have moved into a starbucks . 
last week , the vatican held a screening of the movie " spotlight , " that’s the movie that details child abuse in the catholic church . long story short , the pope is now lutheran . 
adidas is offering $ 1 million to any nfl prospect that can break the record for the 40 - yard - dash . the current nfl record for the 40 - yard - dash is cam newton leaving a press conference . 
fox news slammed beyoncé’s super bowl halftime performance because her back - up dancers were dressed like black panthers , and now some fox viewers are calling for a boycott of beyoncé . so it looks like old white guys won’t be buying beyoncé albums anymore . 
after a disappointing result in iowa , ben carson is polling 8th in new hampshire . carson said he’s looking forward to eventually campaigning in a state that has some black people . 
going into new hampshire , jeb bush was polling at 5th place . not among the candidates , among the members of the bush family . 
at an event yesterday , chris christie was endorsed by the cake boss . the cake boss introduced christie as " the guy who put all my kids through college . " 
when asked about legalizing marijuana , chris christie said , " get high now , because when i’m president it’s over . " if chis christie thinks he’s going to be president - he may be high . 
after donald trump referred to ted cruz as a " pussy , " trump’s spokeswoman said it’s no big deal , the founding fathers said even worse things . in fact , patrick henry’s original quote was " give me pussy or give me death . " 
today is ash wednesday , that’s the first day of lent when most catholics give something up . it seems like catholics in the u . s . decided to give up marco rubio . 
bernie sanders is the first jewish person ever to win a presidential primary . which is why he celebrated his victory by telling the crowd , " it could be worse ! " 
in new hampshire , 64% of republican voters want to ban muslims from entering the u . s . the other 36% are familiar with the constitution . 
today , the state of delaware issued a formal apology for slavery . delaware also tweeted to native americans " hashtag my bad . " 
kanye west tweeted that bill cosby is innocent . so finally , a reason for people to dislike kanye west . 
a new report suggests that soon , gasoline will be cheaper than water . and , in flint , michigan , it will be healthier than water . 
j . k . rowling will publish another harry potter book this summer and in this one , harry is a father . until chapter three , when maury povich shows up . 
yesterday , bernie sanders was a guest on " the view . " there was an awkward moment where bernie looked around and said " where’s that milf barbara walters ? " 
ben carson said he is open to being donald trump’s vice president . yeah it makes sense , carson could deliver trump the black republican vote - which consists of ben carson . 
an exact replica of the titanic is scheduled to set sail in 2018 . the good news is by 2018 , there will be no icebergs left to sink it . 
an army lab has created a ready - to - eat pizza that lasts for three years . when he heard this , the ceo of papa john’s said , " challenge accepted . " 
a recent study found that bottlenose dolphins sometimes murder other dolphins . however , police say it’s easy to find the culprit because dolphins love to squeal . 
it’s come out that a porn star took an army sergeant as her date to the adult video awards . it was the first time a soldier got to say , " thank you for your service . " 
when you think about it - every castle is a bouncy castle , some are just way less bouncy . 
when ben carson finally wakes up , i wonder who gets to tell him he tried to run for president . 
i’ll spend this presidents ' day like i spent the last one , bitterly imagining my profile on a coin . 
analysts say that donald trump’s gop rivals are running out of time to defeat him . this is not according to the electoral schedule - it’s according to the book of revelations . 
after winning in south carolina , donald trump boasted that he got the votes of " tall people , short people , fat people " and " skinny people . " then trump said he " got some votes in a box " and " some votes from a fox . " 
reverend al sharpton called donald trump the " white don king . " today , sharpton apologized and said , " i’m sorry , i meant the orange don king . " 
jeb bush spent 130 million dollars and didn’t win a single state . jeb spent yesterday commiserating with his campaign manager nicolas cage . 
a photo has emerged from the 1960 ' s of bernie sanders getting arrested during a civil rights protest . meanwhile , another photo emerged from the ' 60s that shows donald trump’s wife , melania , not being born yet . 
u . s . officials say that isis is facing a severe strain on its cash supply . isis blames it on poor oversight , economic sanctions , and betting all their money on the carolina panthers . 
it’s being reported that over 20 million people interrupted their workday to watch kanye west ' s fashion show online . people are calling it the " highest rated hate - watch in history . " 
a new book claims that adolf hitler may have had an extremely tiny penis . the book is entitled , " this explains everything . " 
today is the republican caucus in nevada , and donald trump is projected to win . when asked why they’re voting for him , americans said , " we’re used to doing things in nevada that we’ll regret tomorrow . " 
trump is actually doing very well in nevada . that’s right , trump appeals to nevada’s key demographic - people who’ve declared bankruptcy . 
donald trump said as president he would prosecute hillary clinton for using a private email server . he also said he would arrest hillary clinton for being a woman over 40 . 
in a recent interview , ben carson said president obama couldn’t identify with black americans because he was " raised white . " so if you’re keeping score , according to republicans , president obama was raised white as a muslim in kenya . 
president obama has unveiled his plan to finally shut down guantanamo bay . and to make sure no one ever goes in there again , obama is handing it over to the people who run radio shack . 
in chile , authorities found more than 100 ecstasy pills that are shaped like the minions characters hidden inside a child’s backpack . police are now looking for the notorious chilean drug kingpin , el timmy . 
researchers say much of florida could be underwater by the end of the century . on the bright side , they say it could happen much sooner . 
after he won yesterday ' s nevada caucus , donald trump said , " i love the poorly educated . " trump then said , " and when i’m president there’ll be more of them than ever . " 
although she herself is an immigrant , donald trump’s wife melania says she is fine with her husband’s tough anti - immigration stance . when asked why , mrs . trump said she had about 4 . 5 billion reasons . 
wealthy gop donors are now lining up behind marco rubio . not because the donors think he can stop trump , but because they think rubio is the valet . 
hillary came to los angeles and she visited the set of the political drama , " scandal . " there was an awkward moment when hillary told the writers , " man , have i got some ideas for you . " 
despite jeb bush’s poor campaign , some analysts are already talking about the political rise of his son , george p . bush . george p . bush has already got his campaign slogan , " don’t worry i was adopted . " 
the utah state senate has voted to eliminate the death penalty . so from now on , people in utah can die the old fashioned way , of boredom . 
in addition to the " like " button , facebook has now added buttons for " love , " " wow , " " haha , " " sad , " and " angry . " in other words , facebook copied the emotional journey of any adele album . 
in england , a 46 - year - old man has turned his bedroom into a life - size replica of the batcave . he says he’s exactly like bruce wayne , except his parents only wish they were dead . 
when asked about cuba gooding jr . ’s portrayal of him , oj simpson said he’s " not tall enough and his head is too small . " simpson then said , " also , he didn’t kill my wife . " 
u . s . astronaut scott kelly is about to return to earth after spending an entire year in space . then he saw donald trump’s poll numbers and said , " you know , i’m good up here . " 
the latest polls show donald trump beating marco rubio in rubio’s home state of florida by 16 points . to win back florida voters , rubio has started doing meth . 
it’s been reported that donald trump , despite his anti - immigration stance , hired over 500 foreign workers at his florida resort . in fairness , the resort is called " hypocrisy cove . " 
white supremacist david duke is urging his supporters to vote for donald trump . not only that , duke says he’s really looking forward to the oscars this sunday . 
it’s been announced that vice president joe biden will be a presenter at sunday night’s oscars . so , diversity problem - solved ! 
today , president obama said that his very first job was scooping ice cream . after hearing this , chris christie said , " i thought he looked familiar . " 
police in cincinnati are looking for a bald man who has been stealing rogaine from drug stores . the suspect is being described as " armed and suddenly dating again . " 
in france , a robot has been programmed to develop its own taste in art . the robot’s favorite paintings ? - naked robots . 
a recent study finds that salmon in the waters around seattle are loaded with all kinds of prescription drugs . they noticed this the first time they saw a salmon with a four - hour erection . 
a wise man once told me , " i am not a wise man just because my name’s glenn wiseman . " 
if i owned a sneaker store i would totally have a march madness arch sadness sale . 
i will vote for whichever president outlaws visors . 
between oscar fever and march madness , my imaginary doctor bills are soaring . 
chris rock did a fantastic job hosting the oscars last night . in fact , his jokes about the all - white oscars were so good , the academy has already decided they won’t nominate any black people again next year . 
in his oscars monologue , chris rock said black actors should get roles like leonardo dicaprio does . then black actors saw the bear scene from " the revenant " and said , " we ' re good , you know , actually . " 
last night , " mad max " won six oscars . which explains why the next installment will be called , " reasonably content max . " 
last night on the oscars red carpet , sylvester stallone said being nominated for an oscar " makes all the aches and pains go away . " then stallone said , " wait , no , that ' s vicodin . " 
over the weekend , donald trump made fun of marco rubio’s " big ears " and rubio made fun of trump’s " small hands . " so finally , thomas jefferson’s dream for america has come true . 
marco rubio has released his tax returns , and it shows how much of his income was from book deals . most of the money came from his autobiography , " diary of a wimpy kid . " 
to celebrate leap day , arby’s is offering a special vegetarian menu . arby’s said , " it’s part of our commitment to offer healthy food , once every four years . " 
in northern ireland , a catholic priest was caught on video drunk and doing cocaine . when the vatican heard why the priest was arrested , they said , " phew . " 
today , 13 states are holding either primaries or caucuses in the big event called super tuesday . this year , super tuesday will be followed by " holy shit , trump won everything wednesday . " 
donald trump said , " there’s nobody that’s done so much for equality as i have . " that’s right , he said , " in some states , i’m hated equally by blacks and hispanics . " 
analysts say hillary clinton ' s plan to defeat donald trump involves painting trump as " dangerous and bigoted . " she plans on doing this by quoting trump accurately . 
osama bin laden’s will has come out , and in the will he says he wanted most of his $ 29 million fortune to be used " on jihad . " and $ 5 million goes to his siamese cat , mr . peepers . 
it’s being reported that last year , the 20 richest people on earth lost $ 70 billion . that’s right , all to one incredibly persuasive nigerian prince . 
today is justin bieber’s 22nd birthday . man , it’s hard to believe it’s only been one year since he touched his first drop of alcohol… 
it’s come out that the new female viagra is helping women have approximately half of an orgasm per month . or as married women put it , " twice as many . " 
experts say donald trump ' s wins yesterday prove that he is electable . the experts made that comment while shitting themselves . 
a top official in saudi arabia said today that a trump presidency would " set the world back centuries . " the saudi added , " which is why trump has our full support . " 
last night , marco rubio won his first state with a victory in the minnesota primary . it was such a big night , rubio’s parents let him stay up and watch the returns come in . 
today , dr . ben carson dropped out of the presidential race after a dismal and ineffective campaign . he said , " the good news is , i’m ready to operate on your baby’s brain again ! " 
during his speech on super tuesday , bernie sanders said " i am so proud to bring vermont values all across this country . " then sanders said , " now who wants to go antiquing ? " 
yesterday in massachusetts , bill clinton may have violated the law by walking into a polling place and taking photos with voters . it’s being called the lamest bill clinton scandal in history . 
in orange county , a college student ate in - n - out for thirty straight days and only gained two pounds . that’s right , he went from 398 to 400 . 
with only five months to go before the olympics in rio de janeiro , brazilian organizers are having a lot of trouble selling tickets . not helping is their promotional offer : " your second bout of zika is free . " 
in new hampshire , legislators are trying to pass a law that would make public breastfeeding a crime . however , the bill is being opposed by a strong coalition called " creepy dudes united . " 
it’s being reported that the democrats have a plan to " shatter the republican party . " when he heard , donald trump said , " beat you to it ! " 
ted cruz is trying to tie donald trump to a prominent mobster . in an attempt to repair the damage to his reputation , the mobster is distancing himself from trump . 
a marijuana activist group is planning a protest at the white house on april 2nd . they’re expected to show up around may 9th . 
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg has moved up ten spots in forbes magazine’s list of richest people . mostly because he has the credit card numbers of the other 10 people . 
almost five years after fukushima , a study found japanese seafood is now " mostly free " of radiation . the study also found that the seafood at long john silver’s is " mostly free " of fish . 
a recent study claims that 1 / 3 of all men suffer from premature ejaculation . but they don’t suffer as much as 1 / 3 of all women . 
sorry you didn’t win best picture , " mad max : fury road , " but if trump wins the election , you can re - submit for " best documentary . " 
it’s a small comfort , but with only eight justices on the supreme court , no one has to rotate out in beach volley ball . 
you can’t judge a book by its cover , unless the title of the book is " this book is guilty of murder ! 
donald trump has dropped to second place in a national poll . on the bright side , he’s still polling # 1 among " germans of the 1930 ' s . " 
in last night ' s democratic debate , hillary clinton said that , several times a day , she speaks to god . but never for under $ 100 , 000 . 
hillary clinton is still refusing to release the transcript of a speech she gave to banking giant goldman sachs . that’s right , the rumor is she started the speech by saying , " what up b * * * * es , give it up for my man drake ! " 
over the weekend , arnold schwarzenegger officially endorsed john kasich . or he said " a horse junkie is sick , " it’s hard to tell . 
colin powell said recently that the republican candidates are playing " junior high school tricks on one another . " powell then excused himself to take a call from someone looking for dick hertz . 
caitlyn jenner told an interviewer that hillary clinton " only thinks of herself . " jenner said this while promoting the new season of her reality show " i am cait . " 
over the weekend , beyoncé performed at a fundraiser for her daughter’s preschool . five minutes into the performance , beyoncé said , " screw it , " and just bought the preschool . 
today , broncos star quarterback peyton manning retired . manning thanked his wife , his kids , and the most influential man in his life , papa john . 
a chemical engineering professor is in trouble after his university discovered he used to be a porn star . the university said , " that’s not the kind of ' staying up all night cramming ' we’re trying to encourage . " 
sunday night was the series finale of " downton abbey . " but don’t worry , if you still want to hear a bunch of rich white people talking like it’s the 1920 ' s , tune in to the next republican debate . 
donald trump said he’s " not happy " about being compared to hitler . he said , " i’m thrilled . " 
it came out in the news that donald trump was once a producer of a broadway show . it was a revival of " les misérables " called , " the french are losers . " 
a new political ad came out slamming donald trump and it bleeps out his swear words and criticizes his profanity . the ad ends with hillary clinton saying , " i can’t believe the shit that comes out of that f * * * er’s mouth . " 
one of the things revealed in hillary clinton’s emails is that she doesn’t know how to charge an ipad . today , bill clinton said , " that’s funny , she’s really good at checking an ipad’s browser history . " 
the summer olympics are in brazil this year , and some of it will be filmed in virtual reality . the technology is so realistic , you can contract the zika virus from your living room . 
the all - you - can - eat chain hometown buffet has filed for bankruptcy . a spokesperson for the company said , " good god - we didn’t realize just how much americans can eat . " 
kanye west is in sweden visiting the headquarters of ikea . kanye wanted to get advice from ikea because , after a few years , he too is starting to fall apart . 
abc announced that the " the bachelor " and " the bachelorette " will now feature a more diverse cast . they’re going to add a contestant who has read a book . 
last night after his victories , donald trump held a press conference in florida and he proudly displayed trump water bottles , trump wine , and trump steaks . trump also announced his running mate , the shamwow guy . 
at his press conference last night , donald trump had a display of trump steaks even though trump steaks went out of business nine years ago . when they heard that nine - year - old meat was for sale , arby’s said , " we’ll take those . " 
almost 40% of people who voted for john kasich said they did so because they don’t like the other guys . which explains his new campaign slogan : " john kasich : the lesser of four evils . " 
in florida , a drunk half - naked woman crashed her car into a waffle house . just a reminder , once again florida will likely determine who our next president is . 
the ceo of starbucks wrote a letter urging his employees to vote . millions of baristas tried to register but kept misspelling their own names . 
a private space company founded by amazon chief jeff bezos plans to send humans into space by next year . or if they sign up for amazon prime , by tuesday . 
it ' s come out that kim kardashian has paid off kanye west ' s $ 53 million debt with proceeds from her video game . in case you’re unfamiliar , kim’s video game is named " call of booty . " 
it’s been reported that " the bachelor " and " the bachelorette " will feature a more diverse cast . that’s right , they’re looking for people who have both chlamydia and gonorrhea . 
despite donald trump’s tough stance on immigration , trump modeling agency is being accused of hiring lower - paid foreign models . in his defense , trump says those aren’t laborers , those are " future wives . " 
a reporter claims she was pushed down by one of donald trump’s campaign advisers . isn’t that crazy ? - donald trump has a campaign adviser . 
republicans are blaming president obama for creating donald trump . while others say he was created in a lab when a young real estate developer was bitten by a radioactive douchebag . 
the las vegas strip has just opened its first medical marijuana dispensary . which is why today the city changed its slogan to " what happens in vegas… wait , what just happened in vegas ? " 
this weekend , kim kardashian posted a naked selfie , and yesterday , sharon osbourne got inspired and posted a naked selfie . that explains why today , authorities shut down barbara walters ' internet service . 
million dollar idea : maternity clothes , but for beer bellies . 
i know god doesn’t make mistakes , but i think even he would agree grapefruit was a misfire . 
i hate to be an irish literary nerd but the only adult film i’ve ever seen is " dubliners , double - teamed , " starring the amazing joyce james . 
i possess an ennui that can be traced back to the day i pronounced it " ennu - ey " in front of a girl i was trying to impress . 
periscope like no one is watching . 
i only recently found out that lightning is god trying to kill spiders . 
in some parts of the world , filet mignon is considered a delicacy . 
i rarely get asked to autograph a breast , so thank you dave chelton of omaha nebraska . 
i’m having a hard time convincing my kids that trump and cosby used to be funny . 
a lot of people want ted cruz to win , but are we ready for a president that’s a melting candle ? 
if you’re a classic rock fan , and an insufferable snob , your favorite band is the whom . 
yesterday , president obama arrived in cuba , a formerly hostile territory . tomorrow he returns to washington , a currently hostile territory . 
today , cuban president raul castro asked president obama to return ownership of guantanamo bay to cuba . obama agreed , but only if cuba takes florida . 
yesterday , president obama arrived in cuba and a band played both the american and cuban national anthems . then , just ' cause it felt right , a baseball game broke out . 
a new study found that donald trump ' s speeches are at a 5th grade level . in other words , he’s speaking two grades above his supporters . 
donald trump just got the official endorsement of scott baio . after hearing about it , trump said , " see , i’ve got the unemployed vote . " 
the new york times published a quote calling millennials , " lazy , narcissistic , and obsessed with social media . " meanwhile , millennials have called the new york times , " what’s a new york times ? " 
twitter is ten years old today , and critics say one of its failings is that , on twitter , kim kardashian has more followers than pope francis . of course , the pope could fix that with just one naked selfie . 
today , apple announced it is releasing a new , smaller iphone . the iphone is being described as " so small , it can fit in the palm of the hand of the child who made it . " 
over the weekend at a bernie sanders rally , a woman took off her top and revealed anti - trump messages . witnesses say she made two good points . 
while bernie sanders was making a speech , a woman in the crowd took off her top . which may explain why at that moment , sanders spoke about " fighting for the hamana - hamana - have - nots ! " 
trump’s campaign manager is denying reports that he drunk dials female reporters and comes onto them . trump’s campaign manager said , " i wasn’t drunk . " 
sarah palin has just signed up to star in her own " judge judy " - style reality show . palin said she knows how to deal with drunks , dead - beat dads , and barroom brawlers - and that’s just her family . 
amazon has a new reality show that shadows an nfl team for an entire football season . the show follows players from the day they’re drafted all the way until the day they’re sentenced . 
a researcher found that blonde women are slightly smarter than brunettes . the researcher said it’s not true but that line tends to work on blonde women at a bar . 
yesterday , president obama and cuban president raúl castro watched a baseball game between the tampa bay rays and the cuban national baseball team . the rays won , so the cuban team was sent to prison . 
yesterday , an anti - trump super pac tweeted a nude photo of melania trump , asking if this should be the first lady . the response was an overwhelming " hell no , she should be president ! " 
according to a new poll that just came out , a majority of trump voters believe that white people are losing out to minorities . the poll was taken at an nba game . 
yesterday , donald trump threatened to reveal a terrible secret about ted cruz’s wife . apparently trump has some damning video of her marrying ted cruz . 
at the arizona primary yesterday , republican voters had to wait as long as five hours . people in arizona were furious and said , " that’s time i could have spent deporting my gardener . " 
the library of congress has added the gloria gaynor hit " i will survive " to its archived recordings . no - not the library of congress in washington , the gay bar in west hollywood named " library of congress . " 
apple’s new iphone will be significantly cheaper than the iphone 6 . you can read all about it in apple’s press release titled , " sorry if you just bought the iphone 6 . " 
in florida , an anheuser - busch truck collided with a frito - lay truck , spilling beer and chips all over the highway . of course in florida they call that an " easter miracle . " 
two giant pandas at a zoo in vienna have been videotaped mating several times . here’s the strange part : they were videotaped by another panda . 
it’s been reported that a contributor to cnn has been having an affair with ted cruz . all i can say is , way to go , wolf blitzer ! 
ted cruz is being accused of having affairs with five different women . and five different women are being accused of having terrible taste in men . 
a conservative radio host told donald trump he reminds him of a 12 - year - old playground bully . trump responded by shoving the host and calling him a " gaywad . " 
more than 47 , 000 people have signed a petition to allow guns at the republican national convention . and every single one of them is a democrat . 
over the weekend , the rolling stones performed in cuba . cuban fans said , " we’re excited to see a rock band that’s even older than our cars . " 
new york city is considering a plan to hand out thousands of free tampons and maxi pads to the city’s women . the weird thing is , they’re going to be handed out by the times square elmo . 
portland is planning to offer homeless people a free bus ticket out of town . of course the problem in portland is figuring out who’s homeless and who’s just in a band . 
nabisco , the makers of oreos and chips ahoy , is planning to announce hundreds of layoffs . so apparently , we legalized marijuana for nothing . 
the website pornhub has launched the first ever channel that features adult videos with a 360 - degree view . it’s for everyone who’s ever said , " i like watching sex , but i really want to know more about the lighting guy . " 
there are rumors that ted cruz has had affairs with up to eight different women . ted cruz refuses to answer questions about the scandal but he is accepting high fives . 
donald trump’s campaign manager is facing charges for grabbing a female reporter’s arm . trump scolded his campaign manager and said , " on my campaign we only abuse women verbally . " 
burger king has just unveiled a burger it calls the " angriest whopper . " the whopper isn’t super spicy - it’s just really pissed off about obamacare and immigrants . 
a man claiming to be william shatner’s biological son is suing the actor for 170 million dollars . shatner was shocked and said , " i’m an actor ? " 
it has come out that clippers point guard chris paul will skip this year’s olympics in brazil to spend time with his son . and also , to spend time not getting the zika virus . 
the other day at lax , a flight attendant was caught smuggling cocaine . people became suspicious when she gave passengers a 6 - hour safety briefing . 
there is a new tell - all book coming out about the kardashians . it contains shocking allegations about them secretly reading books and wearing clothes . 
at yellowstone national park , many people trying to take selfies with bison are being injured . even worse , authorities are still searching for the guy who tried to take a bison dick pic . 
anderson cooper told donald trump that he acts like a five - year - old . trump then laughed really hard and said ' well , cooper rhymes with ' pooper . ' " 
donald trump says that if he is president , he will punish women who have abortions , although he doesn’t yet know what that punishment would be . you know , aside from donald trump being the president . 
marco rubio reportedly wants to play a role in the upcoming republican convention . it all depends on whether or not they need a sign - spinner . 
everyone’s fine after the hijacking of an egyptair flight yesterday . it turns out that the man who hijacked the flight was just trying to get attention from his ex - wife . trust me folks - you haven’t lived until you’ve had " post - hijacking makeup sex . " 
jennifer lopez recently performed at the $ 1 billion wedding of a russian oligarch’s son . that’s right - she sang her new song , " so this is what things have come to . " 
next week , donald trump’s grandson is going to have a bris , a jewish circumcision ritual . trump is afraid to go because he heard they were getting rid of a d * * * head . 
" batman v . superman " had the largest easter opening of all time . prior to this , the biggest opening on easter was jesus ' tomb . 
" batman v superman " - it’s hard for me to pick a side . that’s because i consider myself " batman in the streets , superman in the sheets . " 
am i the only one who refers to licking an envelope as envilingus ? 
a terrible movie would be batman vs superdelegate . 
this morning , i " broke the internet " ( accidentally unplugged my router ) . 
is it possible for a grown man to be body shamed by his own mirror ? 
what does it mean when your urine is pitch black and smells like midnight ? 
every time i see a newborn , i ' m reminded of how rare and beautiful it is to look into the face of someone who ' s never heard of trump . 
i just tried out uber ' s new feature where you can check your " passenger rating " and it turns out i ' m " doable . " 
a huge document leak has exposed shady financial dealings involving famous people like vladimir putin and jackie chan . i don’t know about you but i smell a buddy movie . . . 
ted cruz said that a " white knight " is not going to parachute into the republican convention and walk away with the nomination . to which the gop responded " you had us at ' white . ' " 
members of bernie sanders ' campaign staff say they regret not reaching out to black voters earlier . they also regret that , when they did reach out to black voters , it was to ask if they could touch their hair . 
greece has put into place its new plan of deporting unwanted migrants . the plan was the brainchild of new greek minister " adonis trumpadopolous . " 
this week is the 43rd anniversary of the first cell phone call . historians still don’t know which movie theater it took place in . 
marijuana activists were prevented from bringing an inflatable 50 - foot - long joint into the white house . activists got the idea after smoking an actual 50 - foot - long joint . 
alaska air has announced that it’s purchasing virgin airlines for $ 2 . 6 billion . it’s the most money ever spent on a virgin since my parents bought me a car after my college graduation . 
today is opening day for major league baseball . out of habit , the lakers lost . 
in an attempt to win over wisconsin , ted cruz said , " to be honest , i like cheese on cheese . " of course when he was campaigning in florida he said , " i like meth on meth . " 
donald trump is polling so badly with women that at a rally last night , he had his wife melania introduce him .   ' cause if there’s one thing that’s guaranteed to get american women on your side , it’s a foreign model who’s married to a billionaire and never has to work . 
the hillary clinton campaign believes that donald trump is going to go after her occasional " health problems . " today , hillary reminded trump that being a woman over 40 is not a " health problem . " 
north korean dictator kim jong - un has apparently ballooned to 300 lbs .   which is why seconds ago , i just got word he won the wisconsin primary . 
kfc is undergoing a massive $ 185 million effort to upgrade its restaurants . not to be outdone , arby’s has swapped out the rabbit’s foot on its restroom key for a rainbow koosh ball . 
warner brothers is reportedly working on a new speedy gonzales movie . after hearing about it , mickey mouse said , " wow , they are taking our jobs . " 
a california woman has turned her home into a sanctuary for 1 , 000 cats .   she’s applied for both tax and man exempt status . 
a study just came out and it found that the average sex session lasts five minutes . though in my case , it’s 5 minute and 30 seconds because i always watch the pop - up ads . 
while campaigning in wisconsin , ted cruz refused to wear the traditional wisconsin " cheesehead . " ted cruz said the cheesehead would compromise the dignity that he one day hopes to have . 
in the wisconsin primary , ted cruz beat donald trump in trump’s key demographic : voters with only a high school degree . this was due to ted cruz’s new campaign slogan : " let’s blow off algebra and get high . " 
in an interview , spike lee said that bernie sanders ' campaign song should be " brooklyn’s in the house . " today , bernie sanders said , " i don’t know who this ' spike lee ' is , but i hope he can deliver the asian vote . " 
some people are blaming donald trump’s loss in wisconsin on the fact that he made fun of ted cruz’s wife with a photo on twitter . trump said he regrets the decision and wishes he had used instagram . 
a new study claims 1 in 50 men is unwittingly raising someone else’s child . i was shocked , and so was my son , " rodrigo garcia . " 
after being surpassed by a chinese company , walmart is no longer the largest retailer in the world .   but don’t worry , walmart still has the largest customers . 
the rolling stones are preparing to release their first studio album in over a decade .   the album will be available to stream on demand , something the rolling stones haven’t been able to do since 1995 . 
after losing in wisconsin , there has been a big shake - up in the trump campaign staff . in fact , the guy in charge of racist comments is now in charge of sexist comments . 
john kasich had to move his campaign event to a larger venue when he got more rsvps than expected . kasich said , " we had to move it from a toll booth to a sunglass hut . " 
two dangerous mentally - ill men have escaped from a washington state psychiatric hospital . they’re now the leading contenders in the republican presidential race . 
the irs has introduced new technology allowing you to pay your taxes at a 7 - eleven . so just imagine : you can now declare your earnings from 2015 while eating a hot dog from 2005 . 
there’s a new app that turns your texts into lines from shakespeare . the most popular one used for booty calls is " art thou up ? " 
a motel owner in colorado revealed that he spent 29 years watching his customers have sex . he finally stopped when he got cable . 
there’s a new trend of people sending pictures of their genitalia to their doctor . i just want to say , in my defense , i didn’t know that woman was a doctor . 
not only have i already purchased a gravesite , i visit it often and whisper , " soon , soon shall i sleep . " 
i like my coffee the way i like my jokes about the way i like my coffee . i don’t drink coffee . 
there is a new exercise called " rage yoga " that encourages people to swear in between poses . or as i call that , " yoga . " 
a car owned by hillary clinton is up for sale . like hillary , the car has been hit from all sides and lately has been starting to stall . 
hillary clinton is airing her first attack ad against donald trump that mentions him by name . before now , her ads would only refer to trump as " a - hole mcweirdhair . " 
the wife of the governor of florida has apologized after she read a story to 5th graders about prostitutes , drug addicts , and porno theaters . and a very special friendship between a spider and a pig . 
for the first time ever , there are now more overweight people in the world than underweight people . the study was conducted by simply looking around . 
a 104 - year - old man just became the oldest person in the world to get their first tattoo . the tattoo says , " do not resuscitate . " 
uber has agreed to pay a $ 10 million settlement against claims that it was doing poor background checks . the money is expected to arrive in a silver kia in four minutes . 
researchers are saying that men who marry intelligent women are less likely to develop dementia later in life . after hearing this , kanye west said , " where am i ? " 
it’s come out that president obama has been allowed to see special advance episodes of the new season of " game of thrones . " obama says he watches " game of thrones " to remember what it’s like to have reasonably sane people compete for leadership . 
according to some analysts , donald trump’s support is deeper than it looks . although others say trump just took the support he has and combed it over to make it look better . 
john kasich gave a 30 - minute speech in new york city . afterwards , the crowd applauded kasich and then put $ 8 . 34 in his hat . 
in a recent interview , ted cruz’s wife , heidi , said donald trump’s nasty tweet about her looks did not impact her . heidi cruz said , " part of my marriage vow to ted was to give up all human feeling . " 
anthropologists now think that early humans may have given neanderthals herpes . this happened during the kardashazoic period . 
ford has unveiled a self - driving car that can see you in the dark without headlights . so make sure and check out the 2016 " ford perv . " 
a new exhibit shows eight of the alternate endings ernest hemingway considered using for his classic novel " a farewell to arms . " in my opinion the worst is the one that ends with " see ya later , arms ! " 
the new ad campaign for match . com refers to red hair and freckles as " imperfections . " that’s why for years women have been asking me if the carpet is as imperfect as the drapes . 
when asked about his potential running mates , donald trump said he would consider marco rubio , scott walker , and john kasich . or as trump calls them , " shrimpy , stupidface , and loser . " 
tonight , hillary clinton and bernie sanders debated in brooklyn . and they’ll follow that up tomorrow with a rap battle in the bronx . 
it has come out that before ted cruz was a senator , he defended a law that would ban the sale of dildos . cruz said , " what can i say , i like being the only dildo in the room . " 
russian president vladimir putin appeared on a call - in show for russian television and he actually took questions . it was really fun - the most common question putin got was , " will i ever see my family again ? " 
according to a new poll , trader joe ' s is no longer america ' s favorite grocery store . the story was reported in this morning’s " emergency news for white people . " 
the hamburger chain in - n - out is upset because a bikini - clad woman made a video of herself handling their meat in a suggestive way . the ceo said , " what kind of sicko would sexualize in - n - out ? " 
a man was arrested for masturbating on a bus for three hours as it drove through iowa . the man apologized to the iowa bus passengers and said , " sorry - i really love corn . " 
a man has been sentenced to five years in jail for trying to smuggle 51 turtles in his pants . the man has already told his cellmate , " there’s nothing you can do to me that 51 turtles haven’t . " 
wow , time flies . it’s hard to believe that there are only 15343474788 more baseball games to go in the regular season ! 
just heard charlize theron will play the villain in " fast & furious 8 . " this is the fifth role i ' ve lost to her since " monster . " 
it’s only gotten more and more awkward in recent weeks that " bernie " and " hillary " are what i’ve named my testicles . 
kfc is undergoing a $ 185 million upgrade of its restaurants . or , they could just pay a kid $ 25 to paint over the " white plantation owner . " 
ted cruz is just a normal guy with hand sanitizer running through his veins just like everyone else . 
i always thought dwts stood for dancing with t . s . eliot . 
i ' m not a gambling man , but i ' d wager $ 100 at 5 to 1 odds that i will be one day . 
over the weekend , beyoncé released an album which implies that jay - z cheated on her . the most damning evidence is the first track , " jay z cheated on me . " 
yesterday , donald trump said , " if i lose , i don’t think you’ll ever see me again . " so finally , a trump campaign promise we can all get behind . 
in order to block donald trump’s path to the republican nomination , john kasich is pulling his campaign out of indiana . indiana should notice sometime in 2018 . 
a woman who looks exactly like a female ted cruz has been asked to star in a porn movie . so finally , a cure for your porn addiction . 
a restaurant in pennsylvania has unveiled a pizza inspired by hillary clinton . apparently , the pizza is not that fresh or tasty , but it sticks around your stomach until all the other food has given up . 
hillary clinton said pennsylvania is where she learned to shoot a gun . meanwhile , bernie sanders said pennsylvania is where he learned to load a musket . 
a growing number of rappers are coming out for bernie sanders . which is why today sanders revealed his new rap name , " ol ' cranky bastard . " 
according to a new poll that just came out , 50% of republicans say they could support donald trump . the other 50% are a group calling themselves " women . " 
hillary clinton has been attacking donald trump over his " country club " lifestyle . hillary made the remarks during a speech none of us could afford to attend . 
donald trump is now making fun of what he calls john kasich ' s " disgusting " table manners . as an example , trump named kasich ' s gross habit of having dinner with a wife who’s about his own age . 
in a new interview , ted cruz said , " i’ve changed a lot of diapers . " after hearing this , bernie sanders made him his running mate . 
a teacher in arkansas is in trouble for giving alcohol to underage students . but to be fair , just because you’re in fifth grade in arkansas , it doesn’t necessarily mean you’re under 21 . 
it’s been discovered that in the early 1970 ' s , nasa scientists proposed that women be sent into space so male astronauts could have sex with them . it was all part of a top - secret mission known as " the other tang . " 
snapchat is in court , fighting for the right of voters to take a selfie in the voting booth . ladies and gentlemen if this law passes , we’re three years away from voting by dick pic . 
donald trump now appears to be the likely republican nominee . in a related story , canada is getting ready for 45 million people to come crash on their couch . 
now that the election is narrowing to a 2 - person race , donald trump said he will have to get used to hillary clinton’s shouting . after hearing this , bill clinton said , " you never really get used to it . " 
in his campaign against hillary clinton , donald trump says he’s going to start quoting some of bernie sanders’ speeches . which means , trump’s opening line will now be , " my nurse is stealing from me . " 
earlier today , despite losing five primaries , ted cruz stunned everybody by announcing his vice presidential candidate is carly fiorina . this means fiorina is now just a heartbeat away from never being president . 
a study found that one minute of intense exercise may have the same physical benefits as 45 minutes of moderate exercise . so finally , a study that vindicates my wedding night , ladies and gentlemen . 
cvs pharmacy has recalled some herbal teas that might be infected with the salmonella virus . so whatever you do don’t drink the tea called , " permanent sleepytime . " 
the american bison was just named the official mammal of the united states . to put this in perspective , the bison narrowly beat out the mcrib . 
a man in australia was hospitalized after a venomous spider bit his penis . the man told doctors to treat the poison but leave the swelling . 
yes i own a pair of leather pants , but they’re khaki - colored . 
this online security question wants to know the name of my first pet , but i was too busy running the farm to name the ants . 
may the pelicans discover your koi pond ( malibu curse ) . 
playing that drinking game where you open a bottle of wine . 
at a ted cruz rally , a young boy yelled " you suck " at ted cruz . in other words , there is hope for america’s future after all . 
at a ted cruz rally , carly fiorina fell off the stage and cruz didn’t help her up . the entire crowd immediately began chanting , “metaphor ! metaphor ! ” 
as bernie sanders ' campaign is winding down , he had to fire hundreds of staff members . now bernie is down to a campaign director , a speechwriter , and a 22 - year - old whose job is to keep explaining to him what snapchat is . 
donald trump criticized hillary clinton today for making a remark he says is offensive to native americans . trump’s exact words were " you stole my speech . " 
in pennsylvania , a 100 - year - old woman has broken the world record for the 100 - yard dash in her age group . she won with the record setting time of " wednesday . " 
on friday in switzerland , a massive accelerator that is investigating the so - called " god particle " had to be shut down because a weasel crawled inside . the weasel’s last words were , " you’re tampering with forces beyond the realm of man and god ! " 
a new report says hollywood has failed to make progress in casting more lgbt people and people of color . however , not to worry : warner brothers said it’s addressing both concerns with its new release , " batman v rupaul . " 
today is national teacher appreciation day . it’s a special day when we americans show our gratitude to teachers in any form but money . 
today is teacher appreciation day , and president obama thanked his 5th grade teacher , ms . mabel hefty . then bernie sanders thanked his 5th grade teacher , aristotle . 
today in indiana , ted cruz called donald trump " a pathological liar , " " a narcissist , " " utterly immoral , " and " a serial philanderer . " then cruz turned to trump and said , " teach me , master ! " 
donald trump is implying that ted cruz’s father had something to do with the kennedy assassination . even worse , ted cruz’s father had something to do with ted cruz . 
a high school girl brought a cardboard cut - out of bernie sanders as her prom date . meanwhile , another girl brought a cardboard cut - out of john kasich that turned out to be john kasich . 
researchers are claiming that humans can only maintain close relationships with five people . which should make for an interesting mother’s day for my mom and her six children . 
it ' s been announced that the rolling stones , bob dylan , and paul mccartney will perform at a huge music festival . if you’re planning on attending , get in line for the bathroom now . 
a group is suing quaker oats saying their oatmeal is not 100% natural . and it gets worse , the guy on the box - he’s jewish . 
plans are underway to build an erotic theme park in brazil called " erotikaland . " in fact , brazilian workers are already busy waxing the rainforest . 
during his victory speech , donald trump said he wants to " bring unity to the republican party . " trump said , " i’ve loved the republican party ever since i joined it eight months ago . " 
yesterday , ted cruz dropped out of the race . when donald trump heard that cruz had dropped out , trump told his supporters , " see ? i’ve already kept one hispanic from taking an american’s job . " 
now that he’s the republican nominee , donald trump is searching for a qualified running mate . when asked why , trump said , " opposites attract . " 
yesterday , bernie sanders said , " i sense some great victories coming . " sanders made the statement two hours after eating a large bowl of fiber . 
john kasich announced to a crowd in ohio today that he is dropping out of the presidential race . the crowd overwhelmingly responded " … and you are… ? " 
experts are saying the rise of self - driving automobiles will result in more people having sex in their cars . which will lead to the next innovation - automobiles that self - purell . 
today is the mexican holiday of cinco de mayo . or as it will be known under president trump , " may the goddamn fifth . " 
in honor of cinco de mayo , donald trump tweeted a picture of himself eating a taco bowl . then , trump tried to get mexico to pay for it . 
donald trump said his vice presidential pick might be one of his presidential rivals . when asked which one , trump said , " i haven’t decided yet , if it’s the liar , the loser , or the fat pig . " 
despite falling behind in delegates , bernie sanders insists he still has nine states left to go . unfortunately , five of those states are denial , anger , grief , bargaining , and acceptance . 
yesterday , president obama drank tap water in flint , michigan to show it was safe . then he was offered a chipotle burrito and he said , " are you batshit crazy ? " 
new england patriots quarterback tom brady is coming out with a cookbook . the cookbook teaches you how to make a soufflé that falls then re - inflates at halftime . 
as of today , the federal government will start putting stricter regulations on e - cigarettes . to buy an e - cigarette you’re going to have to provide proof of douchebaggery . 
i’m told i speak swedish with an ikea accent . 
it’s like jury duty , one day you find a letter in your mailbox asking you to be in the next " expendables " movie . 
you never learn that someone is a vegan from a third party . 
just found a great recipe on buzzfeed for “easy one - ingredient banana slices . ” 
a sadist enjoys hurting other people , a masochist goes camping . 
the kentucky derby was won on saturday by a horse with a canadian owner and a mexican jockey . the horse’s name is suck it , trump . 
a former speechwriter of john mccain said donald trump has an unstable personality . this is coming from the guy who wrote the words , " please welcome my running mate , sarah palin . " 
ann coulter is coming out with a book praising donald trump . just what trump needed - the support of yet one more angry white man . 
this morning , bernie sanders held a rally in atlantic city . sanders said , " i have a lot in common with atlantic city - we were both in our prime in the 1920’s . " 
a mexican judge ruled that el chapo can be extradited to the u . s . after hearing about it , el chapo said , " great , i know just the tunnel . " 
in japan , an artist is facing controversy for building a kayak to look just like her vagina . it seats two comfortably , still no word on the kayak though . 
analysts are now saying that hillary clinton lacks a clear message . in response , hillary clinton debuted her new message , " i’m not donald trump . " 
according to a new survey , donald trump and hillary clinton are tied in florida . hillary is winning with jews and hispanics , and trump is winning with meth and bath salt dealers . 
in an upcoming interview with fox news ' megyn kelly , donald trump tells her that although they’ve reconciled their feud , " this could happen again . " especially if megyn kelly continues to stubbornly insist on being a woman . 
political analysts say the rise of donald trump has made evangelical christians feel " abandoned . " evangelical christians said , " we’ve been so depressed , it’s hard to get up the energy to hate gays . " 
north korean dictator kim jong - un has been given a new title , " chairman of the workers ' party . " this narrowly beat out his second choice , " mother of dragons . " 
in india , with the help of extensive fertility treatment , a 70 - year - old woman and her 79 - year - old husband have just had their first baby . just one problem - neither one can remember where they put him . 
a recent study found that spouses who are sarcastic toward one another are the most likely to get divorced . the study was published in the april issue of " gee , ya think ? " magazine . 
in ohio , a teenager was arrested after he toured a high school pretending to be a state senator . officials grew suspicious when they realized there’s no state senator named heywood jablowme . 
nasa scientists have discovered over 1200 planets that are possibly habitable - where humans could live . in other words , if donald trump does become president , canada’s not your only option , ladies and gentlemen . 
there’s a controversial new trend of people harvesting sperm from dead men . i heard all about it this morning from abraham lincoln , jr . 
a new study says that police dui tests for marijuana are completely inaccurate . instead , it recommends that police just ask the driver , " do you know how fast you were going - and what does it all mean , man ? " 
over the weekend , a man broke the world record for " donkey kong , " making it through the entire game using up just one life . that’s right - his own . 
budweiser announced that this summer they will rename their beer " america . " so starting in june , you’re not an alcoholic : you’re a patriot . 
here in california , a white supremacist has resigned from being a donald trump delegate . when asked why , the white supremacist said " because that guy ' s crazy . " 
donald trump is now saying that his proposed ban on muslims was " just a suggestion . " then he admitted his presidential campaign is " just a bar bet . " 
during the republican convention in cleveland , an artist is going to photograph 100 nude women to make a statement . the statement is , " this is the only way to get people to cleveland . " 
the fbi just announced yesterday that fewer and fewer americans are going off to join isis . or as fox news reported it , " once again , jobs drop under obama . " 
google has created several new emojis aimed at empowering women . so congratulations women , you asked for equal pay and you got five new emojis . 
at this moment , a 7 - eleven cashier from connecticut is trying to become the first woman to climb mt . everest seven times . she said , " if i can survive a 7 - eleven hot dog i can survive anything . " 
the producers of the x - men movies say their next x - men movie will take place in the 1990’s . in it , the x - men use their superpowers to try and stop the backstreet boys . 
in a very frank , tell - all interview , former playmate holly madison said life at the playboy mansion with hugh hefner involved " a lot of fear . " she said , " we were all afraid he would die inside of us . " 
i ' m half asleep , totally naked , and waiting for the light at this intersection to change . 
time to fulfill my dream of marketing my own line of artisanal antifreeze . 
this morning i thought i was filled with a childlike sense of wonder , but it was just a norovirus . 
does day - drinking count as civil disobedience ? 
i consider a hostile work environment any office that has a karaoke night . 
my donald trump tax jokes are none of your business . 
is there a website where we can auction off george zimmerman to a passing comet ? 
desiigner is both my favorite rapper and my favorite typo . 
i ' m a mohave fringe - toed lizard in the streets but a colorado desert fringe - toed lizard in the sheets . 
donald trump tweeted that a hillary clinton presidency would be " four more years of stupidity . " as opposed to a trump presidency , which would be one year of stupidity followed by three years of war with mexico . 
hillary clinton’s new campaign slogan is " stronger together . " which replaces her old slogan , " goddammit , it’s my turn ! " 
a new study has found that beautiful people have totally different life experiences from the rest of you . i’m sorry , i meant , the rest of us . 
anthropologists have discovered ancient papyrus in egypt that contains sex spells . the spells are followed by a hieroglyphic that tells you to call your doctor if your erection lasts longer than three birds and a stick . 
a man in oregon is suing a hospital over hernia surgery that he claims left him with an 80 - pound scrotum . also suing is the guy at the hospital whose job is weighing scrotums . 
donald trump is now ahead of hillary clinton in the polls . this was reported today in the washington post and 2 , 000 years ago in the book of revelations . 
donald trump is holding his first - ever campaign fundraiser , but he says he’s only doing it because the republican party asked him to . trump thought he should do this for the republican party since he turned down their first request : " don’t be our candidate . " 
a recent survey found that donald trump is polling very badly among asian americans . after hearing this , trump said , " that’s odd , i haven’t even gotten around to insulting them yet . " 
the fbi says , as part of its investigation of hillary clinton’s emails , it may call her in to speak to them . no word yet on how much hillary’s planning to charge . 
the security chief of the tsa has been fired . he’s been told to expect long lines at the unemployment office . 
the center for disease control reports that 80% of public swimming pools they investigated have health and safety violations . the study concluded with , " enjoy your memorial day weekend . " 
a city in wisconsin has been preventing the overpopulation of pigeons by giving them birth control . everyone’s calling it a great idea - except the guy who has to put the condoms on the pigeons . 
a new government report reveals that hillary clinton ignored the state department rules about cybersecurity . the report states that hillary’s recklessness , arrogance , and defiance could get her the republican presidential nomination . 
chairman of the republican national committee reince priebus blasted hillary clinton on twitter for using " bad judgement . " priebus said , " i haven’t seen judgment this bad since my parents named me reince priebus . " 
donald trump is floating another conspiracy theory which suggests that hillary clinton is a murderer . today bill clinton said , " trust me , if that lady could kill , i would not be alive . " 
the extremist militant religious group the taliban has appointed a new leader . so congratulations , ted cruz ! 
microsoft announced it’s going to fire almost 2 , 000 workers in its troubled smartphone division . the microsoft employees got the news this morning on their iphones . 
several former contestants from the show " the biggest loser " are suing the show for abuse . the contestants said " we were completely unprepared for being mistreated when we signed up to be on a show called ' the biggest loser . ' " 
yesterday , a female judge ruled that bill cosby must stand trial . cosby said to the judge , " can we talk about this over a drink ? " 
the tsa has announced that , starting this summer , it will post wait times at the nation’s top airports . that way , while your belt is already off , you can decide if you want to hang yourself . 
a former ceo of mcdonald’s is warning that robots could take over jobs of fast food workers . which begs the question , where are they going to find a slow - moving robot with acne ? 
shia labeouf has embarked on a month - long hitchhiking tour of the u . s . i just want to remind everyone that hitchhiking is very dangerous - i mean you could end up with shia labeouf in your car . 
a couple in their 80 ' s has finally gotten married after 44 years of dating . when asked why they got married now , they said “we couldn’t wait any longer to start bonin . ' " 
i just learned my intervention is going to be “town hall format . ” 
confession : at starbucks this morning , i stole a latte that belonged to some guy named " conin . " 
i hate it when adults try to relate to youth using slang . guess that’s what makes me a woke bae . 
right now someone at dc comics is saying , " crap , we’re really going to have to go through with this aqua - man movie , aren’t we ? " 
my neighbor is blasting his meditation music , but every time i go over to say something i’m filled with a deep sense of peace . 
the best assemble - yourself furniture comes with a few spare screws , spare bolts , and a pint of o - positive blood . 
i ' ve noticed that men who tell women to " smile more " rarely comply when politely asked to " exist less . " 
so if i don ' t get caught it ' s a " free sample " and if i do get caught it ' s " stolen property , please come with me , sir ? " real double standard . 
is it weird that my wife will only have sex if i face swap with her personal trainer ? 
i watch rupaul’s drag race to learn how to unhook a bra . 
it’s tough this year . i’m worried hillary’s a liar , and i’m worried trump’s not . 
the taliban’s new leader is said to be " low - key . " which explains the taliban’s new video , " death to whatevs ! " 
dwayne " the rock " johnson said that he might run for president of the united states later on down the line . when they heard , the republican party asked him , " can you start tomorrow ? " 
a new poll found that donald trump’s recent outrageous comments might cost him the state of florida . you know things are bad when a candidate is considered " too crazy for florida . " 
some political experts speculate that donald trump’s meltdown is beginning . in fact , they’re saying that at this rate , he’ll be washed up by the end of his second term . 
tomorrow is the california primary - analysts say it’s make or break for bernie sanders . either bernie wins and he keeps going or he loses and he keeps going . 
a team of experts has come to jerusalem to begin a renovation of jesus’ burial site . the surprising part is , after the renovation they’re planning to " flip " it . they’re gonna make some quick cash . 
last week , a 90 - year - old letter to santa claus was found in a chimney . on the bright side , the 96 - year - old who wrote the letter is still alive and finally got that tricycle . 
burger king has merged a whopper with a burrito to make a whopperrito . so take note donald trump : that’s how you make america great again ! 
house speaker paul ryan described donald trump’s remarks about a hispanic judge as a " textbook definition " of racism . when they heard this , trump supporters said , " you lost us at ' textbook . ' " 
today , presidential primaries are being held in california , montana , new jersey , new mexico , north dakota , and south dakota . or , as it’s being reported in the media , california . 
forbes magazine named hillary clinton the world’s second most powerful woman . and # 1 - the lady who tried on the chewbacca mask . 
congresswoman nancy pelosi said it would be great if hillary clinton picked a female running mate . she said it during a speech entitled " hint hint . " 
" today show " host savannah guthrie’s skipping the olympics in rio because she’s pregnant and worried about the zika virus . in a related story , bob costas just announced he is pregnant . 
the fbi is demanding the right to check a person’s browser history without a search warrant . the request is being protested by a fringe organization known as " men . " 
there is a new app that allows people to rent hotel rooms by the hour . the app lets you swipe left for chlamydia , or right for herpes . 
a grandmother just bought the largest breast implants in great britain . so let me be the first to say , lookin’ good , queen elizabeth ! 
last night , hillary clinton became the first woman to be the presidential nominee of a major party . donald trump said " even i’ll admit it , it’s a historic night for broads . " 
in the general election , donald trump plans on painting hillary clinton as money - grubbing and unethical . meanwhile , hillary clinton plans on painting donald trump as donald trump . 
bernie sanders is vowing to stay in the race until the democratic convention . he says he owes it to all his supporters , who need something to do until burning man . 
it’s being reported that bernie sanders is planning on cutting half of his campaign staff . bernie said , " i’m saving money by only keeping the most delusional . " 
in an interview , donald trump said he won’t have to ask god for " much forgiveness . " unless , of course , god turns out to be a mexican woman who’s a muslim . 
two new government studies report that america’s obesity problem is getting worse . both studies came with a happy meal . 
" guns n ' roses " singer axl rose is demanding that google take down several images that depict him as fat . axl is particularly hurt because all the photos were taken by google earth . 
president obama endorsed hillary clinton for president today , and said " i don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office . " hillary said , " hey pal , i tried to tell you that eight years ago . " 
hillary clinton said yesterday that she would like to see the fbi investigation of her emails wrapped up . hillary then said , " or deleted . whatever’s easiest . " 
after his meeting at the white house , bernie sanders said he’s going to do everything he can " to make sure that donald trump does not become president of the united states . " bernie said , " i’m even willing to make hillary my vice president . " 
at his victory speech tuesday night , donald trump indicated that he would take a more respectful tone from now on . for example , now he’s going to address all hispanics as " señor rapist . " 
arnold schwarzenegger is siding with the judge in the trump university fraud case . arnold said he took a speech class at trump university and he wants his money back . 
one of the newest trends is a " sushi vending machine . " another hot new trend : " diarrhea within five feet of the sushi vending machine . " 
a woman in florida has been arrested for stealing $ 100 , 000 from disney world . that’s right - she stole two admission tickets . 
there is a new app that is supposed to simulate a female orgasm . the app is available at shirtlessconan . com . 
buying a decorative gourd is like saying , " here , let me throw that out for you in four months . " 
i think my fitbit is just trying to make me feel good . 
i wish i had a 3d print of my regrets . 
i can’t wait to see hamilton when it comes to los angeles , with young mc . 
success is 50% inspiration , 50% perspiration , and 50% the secret percentage increaser machine . 
in a speech , donald trump said thousands of people in the united states are " sick with hate . " then trump said , " i’d like to thank them for their support . " 
donald trump has called for a ban on all immigration to the united states . of course , trump said the ban would be lifted if he ever needs a new wife . 
today is donald trump’s 70th birthday . for the occasion , donald trump’s friends got together and said , " wait - why are we friends with donald trump ? " 
during a campaign rally , donald trump asked the crowd to shout out their suggestions for vice president . among the crowd’s suggestions were : sarah palin , chris christie , and haywood jablowmi . 
bernie sanders is set to meet with hillary clinton this evening . bernie said the meeting will give hillary one last opportunity to bow out gracefully . 
two thieves stole $ 16 , 000 worth of iphones from a new york apple store by dressing as apple " geniuses . " police are on the lookout for two " actual geniuses . " 
in japan , a 19th century novelist is being recreated as a robot and will be programmed to give lectures . the japanese students say they can’t wait to have sex with it . 
president obama met with the dalai lama . the president tried to talk about spiritual paths to peace , but all the dalai lama could say was , " jesus h christ , your country’s gone batshit . " 
a new poll reveals that 70% of americans have a negative view of donald trump . trump said " don’t worry , there’s still plenty of time before the election to get that number even higher . " 
in a recent interview , donald trump said that if elected president , he would lift his recent ban on news organizations that have criticized him . because as everyone knows , great power makes you less paranoid . 
after calling for another ban on all muslims , donald trump said " i have many muslim friends and they’re thanking me . " when asked to name one muslim friend , trump said , " i gotta go . " 
in virginia recently , a computer crash wiped out a decade ' s worth of u . s . military data . however , this morning the chinese government called and said , " no problem , we backed it up . " 
yale university is being pushed to modify a poetry course because students complained that the content is " too white . " students objected specifically to a poem called " ode to a lost prius in the whole foods parking lot . " 
the fda has approved a device for weight loss that sucks the food out of your stomach through an abdominal incision . or you could just try a salad sometime . 
a federal court has upheld rules guaranteeing equal internet access for all . it’s in keeping with the longstanding american promise of " life , liberty , and the pursuit of porn . " 
one year ago today , donald trump announced he was running for president as he rode down an escalator . and our country’s been going down that escalator ever since . 
donald trump says , if elected , he is willing to “accept” a visit by kim jong - un . kim jong - un said , " no , thanks , that guy’s crazy . " 
a republican senator from illinois said he won’t support donald trump for president because he is " too racist . " he said , " that’s why i liked ted cruz , he was just racist enough . " 
oprah has endorsed hillary clinton for president . when asked about hillary’s chances of becoming the most powerful woman in the world , oprah said , " oh , i’m not stepping down . " 
yesterday , the dalai lama appeared on fox news . there was an awkward moment when the dalai lama said , " you know , i used to be a fox . " 
today is captain jean - luc picard day . if you already knew that , enjoy your night alone . 
the country of bolivia has rejected microsoft founder bill gates ' offer to donate 100 , 000 live chickens . bolivia said , " we’re holding out for an xbox . " 
oscar winner helen mirren confirmed that she will be appearing in the 8th " fast and furious " film . she’ll be playing a respected actress who needs the money . 
lin - manuel miranda , the creator and star of the smash broadway hit " hamilton " announced he’s leaving the show on july 9th . don’t worry , his role will be taken over by his understudy , tony danza . 
let’s get one thing clear : i never joined hydra . they held a " free " buffet at my hotel and they made us watch a video but i never signed up . 
donald trump is the living embodiment of an erection that lasts more than four hours . 
waiting at the vet’s office for my dog to get his shots . might let the guy in the beard of wasps go ahead of me . 
" only one more game . thank god . " - steph curry’s mouthguard 
in beverly hills it was 108 . of course , because it was beverly hills , it only looked 90 . 
today is the first day of summer . or as my skin calls it , " melanomapalooza . " 
sources say lebron james might skip the summer olympics in rio de janeiro . you know rio is in bad shape when you’d rather spend the summer in cleveland . 
donald trump has dumped his campaign manager , corey lewandowski . lewandowski said he’s going to return to his old job , as a manager in pro wrestling . 
it’s come out that donald trump once said , " i would have loved to have been a well - educated black . " trump said , " instead i’ve had to struggle through life as a white , male billionaire . " 
at a campaign rally this weekend , donald trump said he felt like a supermodel . then , out of habit , trump tried to marry himself . 
even though he has no chance of winning the nomination , taxpayers are still paying for bernie sanders to have secret service . it’s not that expensive though , it’s just one guy that goes out late at night to buy fig newtons . 
a new poll came out and it claims that 25% of voters remain undecided . apparently , they’re undecided on whether to move to canada or mexico . 
nbc announced they’re planning to premiere a new theme song for " sunday night football . " shockingly , they decided to go with the classic sound of music ballad , " edelweiss . " 
there’s a new internet trend called " the cheerio challenge " that has parents stacking cheerios on the faces of their sleeping babies . the trend was started by a group known as " dicks . " 
many people are going to the movie theaters to get out of the heat . in fact , here in la nine people actually went to see the movie warcraft . 
donald trump is now saying he’s ready to run a " different kind of campaign . " that’s right , he talked it over with his team and he’s ready to make the big transition from trainwreck to shitshow . 
today members of the conservative christian clergy met with donald trump . they came out of the meeting proclaiming " there is no god ! " 
hillary clinton’s shortlist for running mate includes senator elizabeth warren , senator tim kaine , and hud secretary julian castro . meanwhile , donald trump’s shortlist includes " anyone from the cast of ' entourage . ' " 
some private companies are now taking over the reporting of local news . i read all about it in this week’s issue of us news & zesty cool ranch doritos . 
scientists now think the tyrannosaurus rex immigrated to north america from asia . so now scientists think the t . rex was wiped out by its parents ' crushing academic demands . 
a new study came out and it found the best state to grow up in is minnesota . the study was conducted by researchers who have never been to california , hawaii , alaska , north carolina , arizona , colorado , montana , vermont , virginia , new hampshire , utah , connecticut , delaware , maine , massachusetts , and new york . 
according to a new study , the zika virus can be passed on by kissing . yeah you have to really shove your tongue down that mosquito’s throat . 
to protest the lack of gun control reform , congressional democrats are sitting on the floor of the house . the sit - in consists of more than 30 democrats and 2 republicans who thought it was a hot yoga class . 
in a speech today , donald trump blasted hillary clinton calling her " a world class liar " and " the most corrupt person to seek the presidency . " trump then said , " wait a second , i think i’m in love . " 
in a new speech , donald trump said hillary clinton wants to move factories " overseas to mexico . " when told there’s no sea between here and mexico , trump said , " when i’m done with the environment there will be ! " 
today donald trump called on bernie sanders supporters to support him instead . trump said , " ignore my policy positions , just focus on my new york accent and crazy hair . " 
bernie sanders admitted today that he " doesn’t appear " to be the nominee . just to make sure , bernie said he’ll stay in the race for two more years . 
nearly one million adults in the u . s . are in a same sex marriage . that’s compared to the nearly 40 million adults in a no sex marriage . 
jury deliberations began today in the plagiarism case against led zeppelin for the song " stairway to heaven . " expect the deliberations to start quietly , get louder , and then go on wayyyy too long . 
a video has gone viral of a woman using a sex toy to remove dents from her car . she says the video shows " two things this toy can do that my husband can’t . " 
last night’s sit - in by congressional democrats was live - streamed and got over 3 million views . which is why today , congress got picked up for two seasons on netflix . 
house speaker paul ryan has unveiled a republican alternative to obamacare . it’s called " dying at 50 . " 
in response to hillary clinton’s slogan " i’m with her , " donald trump debuted his new slogan , " i’m with you . " then bernie sanders debuted his new slogan , " i’m still here , dammit ! " 
in its last few days before break , the supreme court has been arguing about race , immigration , and abortion . so basically , the supreme court has become most peoples ' families at thanksgiving . 
it’s been reported that after leaving office , president obama is considering owning an nba team . they say obama wants to be an nba owner because it’s his only chance to get someone on the court . 
in jerusalem , renovation work is beginning on jesus’s burial tomb . it’s being listed as " occupied by previous owner for only three days ! " 
some scientists say one day we may be able to store data in our dna . if that’s true , then the floor of my college dorm room is a supercomputer . 
until mexico has white walkers , i don’t think we need a wall . 
if calvin harris can’t make it work with taylor swift , what hope do any of us chiseled , 6 ' 6 " djs have ? 
really looking forward to the new disneyland they’re building on that island of plastic bottles in the pacific . 
i just got body - shamed by my jeans . 
critics are calling those in britain who voted to pull out of the european union " racist " and " anti - immigrant . " after hearing this , donald trump said , " wow , i’m running for leader of the wrong country . " 
because of england’s brexit vote , there’s now talk in scotland and northern ireland about leaving the uk . and when i say " talk , " i mean loud , angry , incomprehensible talk . 
over the weekend , bernie sanders ' press secretary left his campaign . bernie said , " now it’s just me and my podiatrist . " 
pope francis said the catholic church should ask forgiveness from gays for its past treatment of them . the speech was entitled " my bad , girlfriend . " 
for the first time ever , the miss america pageant is going to have a gay contestant , miss missouri . it will also have its first bi contestant , miss north and south dakota . 
this week , there’s a new smartphone available that costs only $ 4 . it’s called the nokia weed dealer . 
last week , over 30 participants in a tony robbins seminar burned their feet walking on hot coals . the victims just signed up for a second seminar - " how to get rich suing tony robbins . " 
tourists visiting new york city are being warned about " fake monks " on the street who wear orange robes and demand money . quick tip - if they stab you… fake monk . 
in an interview over the weekend , donald trump said , “i want people that have bad thoughts out” of the country . then he deported whoever told him to run for president . 
donald trump appears to be softening some of his anti - immigration views lately . so it sounds to me like someone’s shopping for a new wife . 
today , democrats said the committee investigating hillary clinton’s involvement with benghazi was a " witch hunt . " hillary tried to respond , but just then a house fell on her . 
in britain yesterday , 90 - year - old queen elizabeth told reporters , “i’m still alive . ” it was in response to the question , “what’s the first thing you tell prince charles every day ? ” 
volkswagen ' s settlement for its emissions cheating scandal is going to cost it nearly $ 15 billion . a spokesperson for volkswagen said , " we’ve never been so embarrassed and we were founded by hitler . " 
on stage in indianapolis , the dalai lama got a fit of the giggles . when asked why he said , " for decades people have been saying to me ' hello , dalai ' and i finally got it . " 
a new porn site is donating a penny to charity each time someone watches one of their porn videos . so finally , a reason to watch porn . 
last week , a man was arrested in a supermarket after putting his penis on the checkout scanner . even worse , he forgot to put down the divider so he also got charged for the penis of the guy behind him in line . 
i read that a record number of americans are expected to travel this 4th of july . and if trump wins the presidency , twice as many americans are expected to travel this 4th of november . 
yesterday , donald trump gave a speech at an industrial plant while standing in front of a giant wall of trash . before the speech , trump welcomed his new campaign manager , mike metaphor . 
in a speech yesterday , donald trump spoke in favor of waterboarding . trump said , " it’s how i got two of my three wives to say yes . " 
hillary clinton unveiled her technology plan which would offer broadband internet access to all americans . then she quickly added , " except for my husband . " 
the miss teen usa pageant has officially gotten rid of the swimsuit portion of the competition . they announced this in a brief press release that simply said , " sorry , creeps . " 
toyota announced another massive recall because their airbags can explode at any moment . toyota then said , " enjoy your holiday weekend . " 
a new ballot measure will allow californians to vote in november on whether to legalize recreational marijuana . californians will have the option of voting either " yes " or " hell yes . " 
fourth of july of course is when we celebrate our breaking away from england . and after this week , it’s starting to seem like england can’t keep a relationship going . 
yesterday president obama met with the leaders of mexico and canada . obama said he’s trying to figure out where to live if trump wins . 
hillary clinton was endorsed by the president of france . when she heard this , hillary said , " shut up , i’m trying to win this thing . " 
hillary clinton has unveiled a technology plan that would offer broadband internet access to all americans . which is why today hillary was endorsed by the ceo of pornhub . 
new york city is officially making its public bathrooms gender - neutral . so next time you try to use a public bathroom in new york , there could be either a man or a woman living in it . 
nancy grace is leaving headline news in october . the network announced she will be replaced by an especially loud leaf blower . 
netflix may expand their service to china . so finally , kids in china will be able to watch shows on the devices they made . 
still not sure why , at the end of my appointment , the proctologist gave me a new toothbrush . 
to my fellow hikers : that noise i made when the butterfly came toward my face was a terrified shriek of delight . 
at costco , standing in the 10 grills or less line . 
i’m starting to regret having bill clinton and loretta lynch over for lunch . 
the juno satellite probe which hasn’t been heard from in five years and has been traveling through deep space finally reached jupiter yesterday and reestablished contact with earth . the jupiter satellite’s first message was , " the republican nominee is who ? " 
although hillary clinton was cleared of charges in the investigation of her deleted emails , her actions were described by the fbi as " extremely reckless . " however in her defense , the report pointed out that she was hillary reckless , not bill reckless . 
it ' s rumored that snoop dogg will perform at the democratic convention . when he heard this , donald trump immediately took him off his vice presidential list . 
in a speech yesterday , donald trump praised saddam hussein for killing terrorists . he also said hitler was a wonderful dancer and stalin made a great omelette . 
a new app has come out that describes itself as " uber for sushi . " the app tells you exactly how many minutes away your e . coli is . 
marvel announced that the next iron man will be an african - american woman . however , in keeping with hollywood tradition , she will still be played by robert downey jr . 
a couple in north carolina was arrested for attacking each other with pizza rolls . they’ve been charged with two counts of " deserving each other . " 
analysts are now saying that florida could be one of the biggest threats to donald trump’s campaign . in other words , trump may be crazy , but he’s not florida crazy . 
donald trump met with 200 house republicans who were described as " nervous . " and following the meeting , many of them were described as " democrats . " 
donald trump is now saying the media took his praise of saddam hussein " out of context . " trump also said the media misinterpreted his 5 star amazon review of " mein kampf . " 
bernie sanders is reportedly going to endorse hillary clinton next week . bernie said , " i was going to do it sooner but i thought i’d wait ' til everyone hated me . " 
great britain is about to have its first female leader since margaret thatcher . so congratulations to sporty spice ! 
a south carolina elementary school’s lunch program has added a food truck that serves the kids buffalo wings , tacos , and mac - and - cheese . it’s all in keeping with the school’s motto : " it’s never too early to give up . " 
earlier today , a bunch of grapes sold in japan for over $ 10 , 000 . in other words , they’ve opened a whole foods in japan . 
yesterday , a woman in pennsylvania was sentenced to prison for having sex too loudly . i thought that was kind of unfair , until i heard the complaints came in from delaware . 
2016 trump / newt sounds like a car that’s about to be recalled . 
everyone loves the " poop emoji , " but i’m telling you , beneath that smile there are worlds of pain . 
fears of the zika virus will probably keep me from watching the olympic men ' s tennis doubles . 
mansplaining to this officer why i shouldn’t get a parking ticket . she’s copsplaining that i’m getting one anyway . 
before we get started i just have to ask , how many of you are here to see the show , and how many of you were lured here by a pokémon character ? 
according to the police , robbers have been ambushing people playing " pokémon go " by luring them to remote locations . the item most commonly reported stolen is any chance at a real adulthood . 
the presidential debates have been announced and , guess what , the final one is gonna take place in las vegas . trump and hillary will have a 90 - minute debate and then be married by elvis . 
donald trump has dropped hints that he may name a democrat as his running mate . in fact , today he chose donald trump from 2008 . 
the hillary clinton campaign recently released an ad that features clips of donald trump praising world dictators . in the video , trump praises saddam hussein , vladimir putin , and abby lee from " dance moms . " 
according to forbes magazine , in the past year taylor swift has earned $ 170 million . when she heard that , hillary clinton said , " i didn’t know she gave speeches . " 
it’s been found that one of saturn’s moons has an atmosphere somewhat like earth’s , except you can’t breathe the air , drink the water , or survive the surface temperature . yet , still a better venue for the summer olympics than rio . 
construction has just started on a two - mile underground " beer pipeline " in europe . which explains why today , britain changed its mind on brexit . 
snoop dogg was recently a contestant on " family feud " and he did not get the top answer about marijuana . snoop was shocked to get it wrong , and shocked to learn he was a contestant on " family feud . " 
a court has ruled that it’s a federal crime to share your netflix password . in other words , i’m committing a federal crime every time i say " conebone69 . " 
the game pokémon go is actually making people visit remote , potentially dangerous areas . on the bright side , they finally found a way to get people to attend the rio olympics . 
the holocaust museum in washington dc has had to ask visitors to stop coming there to catch pokémon characters because they say it’s inappropriate . the players said , " we’re so sorry , can you direct us to the vietnam memorial ? " 
bernie sanders ' endorsement of hillary clinton has angered many of his supporters . many of them are threatening to not vote for her when they don’t vote in november . 
this morning , bernie sanders endorsed hillary clinton . so , as promised , this afternoon , the clinton campaign released bernie sanders ' wife . 
over the weekend , supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg said that donald trump " says whatever comes into his head . " to which trump responded , " that is not true , clambucket pencil raft ! " 
gay republicans are pushing for pro - lgbt language in the gop platform . in response , the gop said " not gonna happen , girlfriend . " 
new york city is about to open a museum of ice cream , which will feature a " swimmable rainbow sprinkle pool . " it’s perfect for anyone who’s ever said , " i like ice cream , but wouldn’t it taste better with toddler urine ? " 
bill cosby has hired a woman to be his lead attorney . she says she doesn’t know how she got the job , she just woke up and there it was . 
a man in oregon got stabbed while playing pokémon go and refused medical treatment in order to keep playing . he leaves a wife , two kids and six squirtles . 
people are already describing themselves as being seriously addicted to pokémon go . the problem is , when they check into the rehab facility the first thing they see are two pikachus and a jigglypuff . 
the republican party is coming out strongly against online pornography . man , they really do not want to win this election . 
for his running mate , donald trump says he’s looking for someone with experience in areas he doesn’t have . so right now trump is looking for someone who can run a profitable casino . 
bernie sanders said that an advantage of leaving the race is not having to tell the secret service every time he has to go to the bathroom . the secret service said , " you know , it’s really difficult to go on lockdown every four minutes . " 
supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg is being criticized because she broke traditional supreme court impartiality and said a donald trump presidency would be terrible for the united states . in response to her critics ginsburg said , " job for life , mofos ! " 
a restaurant in china forces customers to solve complex math problems before they can order their meal . the restaurant has no plans to expand to the united states . 
there are some nursing homes in new york that are allowing elderly residents to have sex . there’s also a new trend the next morning at nursing homes known as the " shuffle of shame . " 
the guy is going to be okay , but in california , a man playing pokémon go was stabbed . the man said , " it was terrifying , my lack of a life flashed before my eyes . " 
the mayor of rio is pleading with nintendo to release pokémon go in brazil just in time for the olympics . he’s even introduced rio’s own pokémon character , " zikachu . " 
donald trump said he wishes he had the time to play pokémon go . when she heard that , hillary clinton said , " oh , you will . " 
according to a poll that just came out , donald trump is getting zero percent of the black vote in some states . trump said , " don’t worry , by the time the election comes around i will double that . " 
britain has a new foreign secretary , and the new foreign secretary once likened hillary clinton to a " sadistic nurse . " after hearing this , bill clinton said , " man , i wish . " 
a new study claims regular sex can help people stay slim . heads up guys , women do not like the pickup line , " how’d you like to lose some weight tonight ? " 
getting asked to be trump’s running mate is the new jury duty . 
i can’t wait to see the pictures that jupiter doesn’t want released . 
due to zika concerns , i’m reluctantly draining my moat . 
they say the verizon guy switched to sprint but if you watch the commercial he mouths the words : " verizon , i’m sorry , they have my family . " 
at drive - thrus , i order in a british accent but pay in a french accent . someday they’ll ask " where ' s the british guy ? " but so far not yet . 
donald trump is now leading hillary clinton in the latest polls . you can read all the details in a report entitled " shit just got real . " 
hillary clinton’s main task this week is to divert attention from leaked dnc emails and other negative press . hillary’s going to begin her speech with the rousing first line - " hey , look , there’s a pokémon ! " 
earlier tonight , bernie sanders spoke at the democratic national convention . sanders ' speech was interrupted by dozens of applause breaks and three pee breaks . 
according to a poll , 90% of bernie sanders supporters plan to vote for hillary clinton in november . the other 10% plan to put their hand down the sink and then turn on the disposal . 
in thailand , monkeys raided a polling station and tore up the voter lists . so thailand has the second craziest election in the world right now . 
the manager of manchester united has banned his players from playing pokémon go . the manchester united manager said , " i want my players thinking about soccer , not some fun game where interesting things happen . " 
the australian olympic team is refusing to check into the olympic village saying it is " uninhabitable . " then after checking into a day’s inn , the team said , " never mind . " 
starbucks baristas are now allowed to wear fedoras . this rule change came at the request of no one . 
a jewish inmate on kentucky’s death row is suing because he was served chicken that wasn’t kosher . then he was told that murdering people also isn’t kosher . 
the last existing company that makes vcrs is stopping production at the end of the month . in a related story , after the show , andy will be selling all of his 1980’s porn . 
today , shortly before we taped the show , hillary clinton became the first female nominee of a major party . so now little girls everywhere can say " one day i’m gonna grow up and run against an insane reality tv star . " 
experts are saying that the highlight of the democratic convention’s first night was michelle obama’s speech . in fact , melania trump said she already knows it by heart . 
yesterday at the dnc , elizabeth warren said , " trump ' s entire campaign is just one more late - night trump infomercial . " trump called her " stupid " then said , " but wait there’s more… " 
donald trump is now leading hillary clinton by 28 points with white voters without a college degree . however , hillary is ahead by 98 points with voters who went to trump university . 
it’s being reported that 19 out of the 31 apartment buildings in the rio olympic village are not ready yet . today , rio organizers asked , " how does everybody feel about a ' fall olympics ' ? " 
verizon has purchased yahoo ! and plans to merge it with aol . verizon said its goal is to become the rc cola of the internet . 
officials in florida are trying to allow more toxic chemicals to be dumped in the state’s waters . so it’s official , even people who live in florida hate people who live in florida . 
legal experts are saying it’s only a matter of time before someone uses pokémon go as an excuse for committing a crime . at least then we’ll get to hear the first lawyer ever to use the " squirtle defense . " 
in a video last night , hillary clinton told little girls that they can grow up to be president . in response , little girls said " thanks , but we’d rather be beyoncé . " 
the first sentence of bill clinton’s speech was " in the spring of 1971 , i met a girl . " you can imagine the relief in the room when they realized he was talking about hillary . 
last night bill clinton said the first two times he proposed to hillary , she said no . clinton then said , " so let’s stop all this talk about hillary’s bad judgement . " 
tonight , president obama is going to make a speech trying to convince people to vote for hillary clinton instead of donald trump . it’s a speech entitled , " i can’t believe this is necessary . " 
last night at the democratic convention , bernie sanders supporters staged a walkout . witnesses say they’ll never forget the sound of 6 , 000 pairs of crocs leaving the convention . 
after michelle obama’s speech where she said the white house was built by slaves , fox news host bill o’reilly said the slaves who built the white house were " well fed " and had " decent lodging . " leave it to fox news to provide a fair and balanced view of slavery . 
at least 105 russian athletes have been banned from the upcoming olympics for doping . so now the only recourse these athletes have is to have long , successful careers in major league baseball . 
a new study just came out that found one part of maine has the highest percentage of pot smokers in the u . s . when they heard this , people in los angeles said , " oh , it is on . " 
hillary clinton gave her big speech at the democratic convention this evening . and there was an awkward moment when she finished the speech and said , " now where’s my check ? " 
during president obama’s speech last night , he referred to donald trump as a " home - grown demagogue . " in response , trump supporters said " hey - two syllable words only ! " 
after joe biden used the word “malarkey” in his speech , it became the most searched word on the internet . mostly from people who thought " malarkey " was a new pokémon . 
today , donald trump said that when he asked russia to hack hillary clinton’s emails he was being “sarcastic . ” which makes sense— if anyone understands comedy , it’s the russians . 
bradley cooper was spotted at the democratic convention and it angered conservatives because he portrayed navy seal chris kyle in american sniper . these are the same people who were angry when they learned that ben affleck isn’t really batman . 
this year for the first time ever , marijuana plants will compete in the oregon state fair . the winner will be whichever marijuana grower remembers to show up . 
the u . s . patent office has rejected whole foods ' request to be called " the world’s healthiest grocery store . " however , they approved 7 - 11’s request to be called " the world’s finest antique foods dealer . " 
" sesame street " announced that they have fired several of their long - time cast members . these layoffs were brought to you by the letters f and u . 
i’ve got good news and bad news . the good news is that i’ve got great news . the bad news is that i don’t know what adjectives are . 
my parents won ' t say which of their six kids they love the best , but they have told me i finished just out of the top five . 
a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away , dudes wore vests . 
had a dream where evil space creatures intent on destroying humankind land , watch us for a few days , shrug , then take off . 
i always bring my baseball glove to the ballpark , just in case a falcon wants to land on my hand . 
this is right around the time of year i start calling my shorts “the chafing dish . ” 
i know it ' s wrong to generalize , but i just don ' t like murderers . 
ah , the dog days of summer . these are truly my salad days . sunday , monday , happy days . happy dog salad . ok i’m drunk . 
did it hurt when you fell from heaven ? anyway , i think you fractured my clavicle and i am going to sue . 
if the object of tennis is to hit the ball into the net and swear a lot , i’m very , very good . 
never tell a newly divorced masseuse to " take your anger out on my shoulders . " 
if you wear a visor for longer than three minutes , you’re legally required to change your name to trey . 
would it be obnoxious if i held a press conference just to say " i’m havin ' a bitchin ' summer ? " 
my stream of consciousness puts james joyce to needlenose pliers . 
turns out the proper response to " how’s it hanging ? " is not " via a complex network of pulleys and trusses . " 
i love waking up to the sound of birds arguing with their spouses . 
upon death , instead of having my whole life flash before my eyes , i just want to watch season 3 of the sopranos again . 
the olympics closing ceremony was held in rio last night . there was an emotional moment at the end when they extinguished the olympic torch by having ryan lochte urinate on it . 
in an interview with nbc’s matt lauer over the weekend , ryan lochte apologized for his " immature behavior . " i don’t know if lochte meant it , because he answered lauer’s next question by responding , " homo says what ? " 
during the pole vault , a japanese competitor knocked the bar down with his penis . even more impressive , he put the bar back up with his penis . then he opened a bank safe . 
this weekend , donald trump tried to win over black voters by asking them , " what the hell do you have to lose ? " coincidentally , that’s also the way he proposed to all three of his wives . 
donald trump has been saying that hillary clinton looks unwell . trump then admitted he thinks any woman over 35 looks like she’s dying . 
last week , twitter introduced a " quality filter " that gets rid of tweets that contain spam , mean , or unwanted content . an hour later , twitter filed for bankruptcy . 
mcdonald’s has decided to remove fitness trackers from their happy meals . apparently , many customers thought mcdonald’s was just making fun of them . 
kfc has come out with a sunscreen that makes you smell like fried chicken . of course if you want to smell like kfc , you could just ride around in any single guy’s car . 
no one was hurt , everyone’s fine , but over the weekend , leonardo dicaprio and his model girlfriend were in a fender bender . dicaprio and his girlfriend are being listed in highly doable condition . 
scientists have discovered a painkiller that will not cause addiction . when asked for details about this miracle drug , scientists said " okay , okay , it’s pot . " 
melania trump is planning to sue a british newspaper for defamation . apparently , the paper called her " happily married . " 
donald trump cancelled a campaign rally scheduled for portland , oregon . this is devastating news for portland’s conservative community , steve . 
the gop has already started making a strategy around the assumption that hillary clinton will win the presidency . which may explain the republican party ' s new slogan : " winter is coming . " 
four sponsors have now dropped olympic swimmer ryan lochte . on the bright side , he just signed a huge deal with bob’s urinal cakes . 
nasa is reporting that it has finally heard from a lost space probe after two years of silence . not surprisingly , the probe’s signal came in at 2am and said " u up ? " 
it’s being reported that in the next ios update , siri will pronounce barbra streisand’s name correctly . the news comes as a huge relief to gay men over 60 . 
kfc has released sunscreen that smells like fried chicken . people who’ve tried it say it prevents you from getting cancer and from having sex . 
an ex - nfl quarterback was arrested after being found naked with meth and marijuana . in other words , he’s back in the nfl . 
north korea has reportedly released its own version of netflix called " manbang . " calm down everyone , in the korean language , " manbang " means " anal sex . " 
nasa announced they have re - established contact with a spacecraft that had been missing for two years . the spacecraft went missing again when it was told who the republican nominee is . 
according to polls , donald trump is getting only 2% of the black vote . and that’s only because 2% of black people vote sarcastically . 
the trump campaign said pollsters aren’t counting people who are afraid to say they’re trump supporters . that’s right , because trump supporters are very , very shy . 
experts say hillary clinton’s campaign strategy is to ignore the controversies , and just run out the clock . by the way , that also happens to be hillary clinton’s marital strategy . 
according to hillary clinton’s newly - released medical records , she suffers from seasonal allergies . but she just takes some benadryl and they’re all deleted . 
rush limbaugh is saying that president obama is encouraging lesbians to become farmers . then someone explained to rush that’s just how lesbians dress . 
scientists have identified a new sexual fetish of being attracted to middle - aged people . they’ve even come up with a name for it : " settling . " 
in japan , buddhist monks held a contest for " most handsome monk . " the monk who won got the grand prize for any buddhist : nothing . 
some media consultants are saying ryan lochte should go on this season of " dancing with the stars " to improve his image . lochte will be competing against bill cosby and kim jong - un . 
it’s been reported that after winning three gold medals in rio , usain bolt was caught cheating on his girlfriend . more impressive , he was also found with another woman just 14 seconds later . 
on saturday , hillary clinton will receive her first official intelligence briefing as a candidate . officials plan to tell hillary about threats to u . s . cybersecurity such as russia , china , and her . 
donald trump’s campaign is now saying he didn’t change his immigration plan , he just changed the words he used to describe it . they also said trump hasn’t been married three times , he’s just changed the person he calls " wife . " 
the leader of england ' s brexit movement spoke at a trump rally and he said , " i wouldn ' t vote for clinton if you paid me . " so in other words , hillary has lost the critical people - who - live - in - england vote . 
after lying to rio police , ryan lochte has been summoned to rio to testify . in accordance with the brazilian constitution , he has the right to a fair and speedo trial . 
this weekend , after winning three gold medals in rio , jamaican sprinter usain bolt was caught cheating on his girlfriend . here ' s how fast bolt is : the woman he slept with last weekend is already four months pregnant . 
hawaii may ban the practice of swimming with dolphins . or as the dolphins refer to it , " swimming with assholes . " 
it’s been reported that the biggest currency in prison now is not cigarettes , but ramen . just make sure to clarify the next time your cellmate asks to hold your noodle package . 
i don’t take my career for granted , which is why every april i renew my commercial crab fisherman’s license . 
my wig , prosthetics , & makeup artist cost $ 2 , 000 , but with them i can roam the pasadena flea market undisturbed , looking for porcelain hands . 
kids today learn about sex and alexander hamilton much sooner than i did . 
now that the olympics are over , i can get back to comparing my body to the athletes on world series of poker . 
anthony weiner’s wife huma abedin is leaving him after he was caught sexting again . of course , weiner is claiming that he was simply playing pokémon go and caught a dickasaur . 
at last night’s vmas , beyoncé’s album lemonade , about her husband’s cheating , won seven awards . so the favorite to sweep the vmas next year is huma abedin . 
at last night’s vmas , beyoncé won best pop video , best female video , best choreography , breakthrough longform video , best direction , cinematography , editing , and video of the year . just for the hell of it , they threw in the nobel prize in economics . 
donald trump is challenging hillary clinton to release " detailed medical records . " this marks the first time trump’s ever been interested in the body of a woman over 40 . 
a 25 - year - old has scammed over $ 1 million from trump supporters . it’s being called " the first time in years that the trump name has actually made someone money . " 
a developer in new york wants to build an ihop on top of a revolutionary war cemetery . ihop ' s ceo said , " it makes sense , we ' ve killed more americans than the british ever did . " 
today , facebook ceo mark zuckerberg met with pope francis at the vatican . the first thing the pope told him was " get these goddamn baby pics off of my feed . " 
both candidates are practicing for the debates , and according to insiders , hillary clinton is still trying to find a stand in for donald trump . so far the best she’s come up with is a car alarm stuffed inside a rotting pumpkin . 
on sunday in california , several dozen latinos held a rally for donald trump . they were a group calling themselves " latinos who don’t really follow the news . " 
anthony weiner’s wife huma abedin left him after he sent out a third round of dick pics . huma said now , she’s just looking to date a " nice guy with a camera - shy penis . " 
this november , californians get to vote on whether or not to legalize recreational marijuana . they can either forget to vote in person , or forget to vote by mail . 
arizona and florida are holding primaries today . arizonans are voting for either john mccain or kelli ward , while floridians are voting for either bath salts or meth . 
ryan lochte and former governor rick perry will appear on this season’s " dancing with the stars . " the theme of this season is " dumb . " 
at a track meet last weekend , a 100 - year - old woman won a gold medal in her age group in the 100 meter dash . her opponents dropped out of the race in 1987 . 
it’s come out that thousands of americans are actually taking medications that were prescribed to their pets . it works , just the other day , i brought my dog to the vet and complained , " he can’t get an erection . " 
today , the president of mexico hosted donald trump . it was just another example of a mexican doing a job that americans don’t want . 
after insulting mexico for the past year , donald trump was in mexico today . things got awkward when he made a speech that started out , " hola , rapists . " 
according to a new poll , hillary clinton is more unpopular than ever , but still not as unpopular as donald trump . so this election is kind of like asking people if they’d rather have chlamydia or gonorrhea . 
new jersey governor chris christie was spotted singing and dancing at a bruce springsteen concert . then christie tried to crowd surf and killed nine people . 
the state department reports that the # 1 destination for syrian refugees is michigan . folks , it’s never a good sign when you’re saying , " all our problems will be solved if we can just make it to detroit ! " 
ryan lochte has just announced a new endorsement deal with a crime prevention device . the device is so advanced , it can even stop crimes that you completely made up . 
yesterday after a 10 - hour stand - off , chris brown was arrested by the lapd . police brought him to the station and put him in the " chris brown wing . " 
last night , donald trump said if he’s elected , he will employ a " deportation task force . " it’s not really necessary , because if he’s elected most people will probably leave voluntarily . 
in his speech last night , donald trump proposed new screening to prevent violent extremists from entering the us . in response , trump’s supporters said , " but we’re already here . " 
last night , donald trump proposed a strict screening test for all prospective immigrants . trump said the test would include questions about religious and political beliefs , as well as a swimsuit competition . 
a prominent latino trump supporter announced today he is withdrawing his support for donald trump . he said , " i would have done it sooner but i just came out of a year - long coma . " 
a new poll reveals that supporters of both hillary clinton and donald trump are motivated by fear , not excitement . and third party candidate gary johnson supporters are motivated by being related to gary johnson . 
chick - fil - a is going to start offering healthier menu items such as quinoa . when asked why , the ceo said , " we’re tired of making money . " 
in france , a shipment that was supposed to contain orange juice actually contained a massive shipment of cocaine . either way , a great way to start your morning . 
last night i was visited by a ghost who claimed he had " unfinished business . " turns out he just needed something notarized . 
i always keep a giant - brimmed ladies ' hat ready , in case i ever need to sit in back of an auction house & mysteriously place a winning bid . 
i love autumn in california… watching the leaves change color because they’re on fire . 
donald trump said he wishes hillary clinton a speedy recovery from her pneumonia . he said , " get well soon , you shrill , lying crook . " 
some conspiracy theorists are claiming that hillary clinton is so sick that she’s been using a body double . when bill clinton heard about it , he said , " man , i wish . " 
after hillary clinton’s health scare yesterday , donald trump has said he will release his medical records and he said he’s expecting some " very large numbers . " 
hillary clinton called 50% of trump supporters a " basket of deplorables " and now she says she regrets it . she feels that instead of " basket , " she should have said " shitload . " 
a new report came out that shows that donald trump’s charity once bought a football helmet autographed by tim tebow . that explains trump’s first campaign slogan , " make america a garage full of worthless sports memorabilia . " 
north korea is on a campaign to increase tourism . they have a new slogan , " come for our glorious sights , stay because you saw too much . " 
chipotle is testing deliveries by drone . a spokesman for chipotle said , " if our food is going to come flying out of you , it might as well fly into you . " 
a fistfight broke out at a trump rally yesterday . or , more accurately , a trump rally broke out during a fistfight . 
hillary clinton revealed to anderson cooper that she has fainted " a few times . " of course , i think we all get that way around anderson cooper . 
according to a new poll , 2 / 3 of republicans want to see donald trump’s medical records . republicans want to know if he’s healthy , active , and if the carpet matches the drapes . 
donald trump will be going on the dr . oz show to discuss his health . he will then discuss his immigration plan with dora the explorer . 
during last night’s rams v . 49ers nfl game , a fan that ran onto the field had more rushing yards than the entire rams offense . the guy got arrested , so now that we know he can run and has a criminal record , he’s perfect for the nfl . 
during last night’s " dancing with the stars , " two protesters rushed the stage during ryan lochte’s performance . so finally , an assault on ryan lochte that really happened . 
yesterday , katy perry helped deliver her sister’s baby . the baby was nervous when he saw katy perry and said " if you’re my mom i don’t think i can drink all that . " 
a new study came out and it claims that women would be better off going to bed two hours before men . the study was paid for by guys who want to watch porn . 
a 700 - pound woman is trying to hit 1 , 000 pounds to reach her goal of becoming the world’s fattest woman . although , she still plans to put " 700 pounds " on her tinder profile . 
in newly leaked emails , former secretary of state colin powell calls hillary clinton " greedy , " and donald trump " a disgrace , " and dick cheney an " idiot . " in response , americans everywhere said , " hey , three for three . " 
in the leaked emails from colin powell , he calls donald trump " a national disgrace . " trump was furious and said , " hey , i’m an international disgrace . " 
a new poll shows that donald trump is now leading in nevada . which actually makes sense , since 50% of nevada voters are also failed casino owners . 
kid rock has condemned nfl quarterback colin kaepernick for his protest . man , i hope this doesn’t alienate kid rock’s african - american fan base . 
yesterday , california banned the breeding of killer whales in captivity . good news for orcas , bad news for the orca porn industry . 
a study just came out that said men who grow up with older brothers are more likely to be gay . i must say , as someone with two older brothers , i don’t think that’s true and neither does my lover , barry . 
donald trump admitted to dr . oz that he is overweight , loves fast food , and doesn’t exercise . in a related story , trump just won wisconsin . 
the white house has announced that america will accept 110 , 000 refugees next year . meanwhile , canada announced if trump wins they’ll accept 110 million refugees . 
during a campaign rally yesterday , donald trump said , " you think hillary clinton could stand up here for an hour ? " then he debuted his new campaign slogan , " i can stand up for an hour . " 
ivanka trump abruptly ended an interview with cosmopolitan magazine because she felt the questions were " unfair . " of course it’s understandable , most of us wither under the intense political grilling of cosmopolitan magazine . 
ivanka trump cut short an interview with cosmo because of what she said was all the " negativity . " which is weird because all the interviewer said was , " so , your dad is donald trump , right ? " 
a 100 - year - old tortoise named diego has now fathered over 800 offspring . which is why today , he was the first tortoise in history to be drafted into the nba . 
the duggars , of the tv show " 19 kids and counting , " are adopting a 20th child . not because they wanted one , but because it came free on their punch card . 
a woman in oregon who was hospitalized for e . coli after eating chipotle is suing the company for free chipotle . it’s all part of oregon’s " right to die " law . 
a man is getting bar mitzvah’d at age 113 . they’re hoping the attendance is better than last year when he got circumcised . 
the presidential debate moderators have been announced . congratulations to lester holt , anderson cooper , and cee - lo . 
right before i die , if my life flashes before my eyes , i hope there aren ' t 30 second ads before each section . 
there are literally no words for how vibrantly prismatic i find the technicolor hues of a rainbow . 
i ' m a compromise conspiracy theorist . i believe neil armstrong walked on the moon and buzz aldrin didn ' t . 
one of the big winners at last night ' s emmys was " the people v . o . j . simpson . " i gotta say , there’s nothing better than checking out the news and hearing , " it was a great night for o . j . ! " 
only 50 more days until the election . that’s according to my calendar , the book of revelation . 
it’s come out that hillary clinton is having a hard time connecting with millennial voters . so now she’s saying that last week’s coughing spell was actually due to a massive bong hit . 
according to the latest polls , hillary clinton and donald trump are tied in florida . so the florida election will come down to that age old battle ; meth vs metamucil . 
donald trump’s running mate mike pence said that his role model for the vice presidency is dick cheney . to prove it , this weekend pence had six heart attacks and shot his friend in the face . 
this weekend , martha stewart said donald trump should not be president because he is " totally unprepared . " though to be fair , by martha stewart’s standards , we’re all unprepared . 
it’s been reported that after living more than 70 years as an african - american , a woman discovered from a document that she is actually white . the document in question was a ticket to a mumford & sons concert . 
donald trump jr . is under fire for a tweet in which he compares syrian refugees to skittles . on the bright side , after hearing the word " skittles , " americans finally took an interest in foreign policy . 
donald trump jr . is under fire for a tweet comparing syrian refugees to skittles . then , due to a misunderstanding , chris christie ate hundreds of refugees . 
hillary clinton said that donald trump’s anti - muslim rhetoric is actually helping isis recruit more fighters . to which trump responded , " see , i’m already creating jobs . " 
in a speech at the united nations today , president obama said , " a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself . " then he passed the joint he was smoking to angela merkel . 
olive garden’s " never ending pasta pass " is now selling on ebay for $ 4 , 000 . or , if you want to spend thousands of dollars and eat nothing but pasta , there’s also something called " college . " 
seaworld is doing so poorly now that the ceo announced they’re going to stop paying dividends to shareholders . however , the ceo said " they can still get money if they jump up and grab it from my hand . " 
brad pitt and angelina jolie are getting a divorce . they’ll share custody 50 - 50 , he’ll take 50 kids and she’ll take the other 50 . 
donald trump falsely claimed that nbc news anchor lester holt is a democrat , when he’s actually a registered republican . in other words , trump just alienated the one black guy who might have voted for him . 
today , donald trump told an african - american audience " black churches are the conscience of our country . " in response , the crowd said " yes , that’s why we’re not voting for you . " 
two days ago , donald trump and hillary clinton were tied in florida , but today she is up by five points . of course , there’s a margin of error of florida . 
fox news has forbidden sean hannity from appearing in any more campaign ads for donald trump . fox said , " we want to appear neutral while covering the race between mr . trump and that sickly lying witch . " 
it’s rumored that brad pitt had been cheating on angelina jolie with an actress who looks like a young angelina jolie . as a result , he’s about to have the bank account of a young brad pitt . 
there’s a rumor that 1 in 10 europeans is conceived in an ikea bed . in fact , most of the conceptions happen in the ikea bed known as the " drunkenboinkin . " 
in california , two women have been arrested for holding a group of men hostage and making them work for several months on a marijuana farm . the men said they wanted to escape but they never got around to it . 
a man in canada was caught smuggling $ 135 , 000 worth of gold out of the canadian mint by hiding it in his rectum . personally , i think it’s a bad idea to go to prison with the nickname " the guy with the golden ass . " 
the first presidential debate will take place on monday night . the candidates will discuss the economy , foreign policy , and of course , brad and angelina . 
the presidential debate on monday is expected to pull in huge ratings . in fact , the whole country has " lester holt fever . " 
media experts say monday night’s presidential debate will have a super bowl - sized tv audience . of course the super bowl audience drinks for fun , but monday’s debate audience will be drinking out of sheer terror . 
six members of the cast of " the west wing " are going to campaign for hillary clinton at an event in ohio . the move has backfired though , now everyone in ohio is voting for martin sheen . 
there’s a new startup in india that will deliver condoms within 30 minutes . or as every guy calls that , " way too late . " 
environmentalists are trying to get the bumblebee added to america’s endangered species list . then they changed their minds after they were at a picnic for five minutes . 
there’s a rumor that one in ten europeans is conceived in an ikea bed . so people putting together ikea furniture are at least using one tool correctly . 
when i ' m on the freeway i can ' t help but honk at the a - holes who don ' t like my violent , unpredictable driving . 
finally saw silence of the lambs . not that funny . 
donald trump has pledged to create 25 million new jobs . all of them in the profession of fact - checking . 
before tonight’s debate , president obama told hillary clinton , " be yourself . " then obama told donald trump , " please please please be yourself . " 
hillary clinton has asked " shark tank ' s " mark cuban to attend tonight’s debate .   trump was furious and said , " a billionaire reality star has no business being at a presidential debate . " 
on friday , donald trump added more names to his list of potential candidates for the supreme court .   so congratulations to judge judy and dog the bounty hunter . 
facebook is expanding its campaign to combat online hate speech .   in other words , facebook is shutting down . 
scientists now say life on earth may have started after an accidental mashup between dna and rna .   when asked for comment , larry king said " that was one crazy weekend , man . " 
a new study says men who have more sex are more likely to pray . especially if they forgot to use birth control . 
after last night’s debate , donald trump complained about his microphone . apparently , trump was angry that everyone could hear him perfectly . 
it’s being reported that last night , donald trump interrupted hillary clinton 51 times . when reporters asked hillary if she was bothered by the interruptions , trump said , " no , she wasn’t . " 
north korea is testing out a rocket that some believe is going to be launched to the moon . the problem is they can’t find an astronaut who will go to the moon and then willingly return to north korea . 
one of the cast members from " game of thrones " has slammed the show’s producers for low pay . he’s about to be the first character that gets beheaded between seasons . 
the latest rumor in hollywood is that brad pitt’s calls are being blocked by angelina jolie . so finally brad pitt and i have something in common . 
the annual state of marijuana conference is taking place today right here in southern california . attendees should arrive sometime next month . 
a tennessee woman came home to find two burglars having sex on her couch . they were charged with " breaking and entering and entering and entering . " 
yesterday , thousands of people took part in national voter registration day . a spokesman for the event said : " it’s amazing how motivated people are when they’re scared shitless . " 
donald trump is still being mocked for promising in the debate to " cut taxes bigly . " trump has apologized , and promised in the next debate he’ll " speak more goodly . " 
last night , donald trump told an audience that before monday’s debate , this is a quote , " i pretended i was talking to my family . " then he admitted he frequently accuses his family of deleting emails and creating isis . 
at the next debate , donald trump is threatening to talk about all of bill clinton’s affairs . hillary’s not too worried , because the debate’s only 90 minutes . 
hillary clinton is campaigning with bernie sanders for the millennial vote . they’re trying to get millennials with the opening line , " hey , our combined age is approximately one millennium . " 
the organizer of the presidential debates is allowing social media users to vote on debate questions . that’s why , as of today , the # 1 question for the next presidential debate is " hey , u up ? " 
yesterday , libertarian candidate gary johnson was giving a television interview and was unable to name a single foreign leader . hmmm… sounds like someone wants to be donald trump’s secretary of state . 
hillary clinton has vowed to crack down on hackers who launch cyberattacks . she said , " if anyone’s going to abuse us government computers , it’s gonna be me . " 
a woman in virginia got nearly 600 calls after c - span accidentally posted her number on the air . in response , the head of c - span said , " wait we have 600 viewers ? " 
this week , the fda approved the first artificial pancreas . when they heard , all the " real housewives " said , “i don’t care what it does - if it’s fake i want it in me . " 
don’t mean to brag , but today fitbit said i took 10 , 000 steps to avoid hearing about other people’s dreams . 
at a restaurant , sitting one table away from vp candidate mike pence . wait , no , sorry that’s just a white napkin . 
supporters of donald trump are saying the fact that he lost a billion dollars and then didn’t pay income taxes for 18 years means he is a " genius . " they also say three marriages makes him a " feminist " so it kind of works out . 
this weekend , a person or persons spray painted graffiti all over donald trump’s new washington dc hotel . police have narrowed their list of suspects down to " 50% of the country . " 
donald trump’s charity , the trump foundation is no longer allowed to accept donations in new york . this is really bad news for anyone thought , " i’d like to make sure my money gets to the people who really need it , i know , i’ll funnel it through donald trump . " 
tomorrow night is the vice - presidential debate between mike pence and tim kaine . experts expect a record number of people not to watch it . 
donald trump’s running mate mike pence says he wants no part in negative campaigning . after hearing this , trump told him , " get with the program , dips * * * ! " 
cleveland cavaliers star lebron james has endorsed hillary clinton for president . experts say lebron’s endorsement will help hillary clinton win in ohio and lose in florida . 
tonight is the debate between vice - presidential candidates tim kaine and mike pence . they’re going to debate the economy , foreign policy , and which one of them is tim kaine and which one is mike pence . 
yesterday in colorado , donald trump told a crowd , " i’m working for you . i’m not working for trump . " he explained , " i stopped working for trump , because that a * * hole never paid me . " 
it’s rumored that donald trump’s tax returns were leaked by one of trump’s ex - wives . in other words , it could be anybody . 
it’s come out that donald trump once rented an office to an iranian bank that was later accused of terrorism . today , trump said , " how was i supposed to know that something wasn’t right with jihadi joe’s savings and loan ? " 
during the final push of the election , bill clinton criticized obamacare in a speech and said it’s " the craziest thing in the world . " it’s all part of bill’s nationwide " not helping " tour . 
archaeologists in egypt have discovered a pair of socks meant to be worn with sandals from 2 , 000 years ago . scholars say it’s evidence of the first german tourist . 
he ' s going to be okay , but a montana man was attacked by a bear twice in the same day . afterwards , the man said , " that’s it , no more tinder for me . " 
over the weekend , a 102 - year - old woman got herself arrested so she could check that off of her bucket list . now it all seems like a cute story , until you learn that the arrest was for triple homicide . 
the vice presidential debate was last night and democrat tim kaine is being criticized for repeatedly interrupting mike pence . today donald trump said , " who does he think he is , me ? " 
analysts have calculated that during last night’s debate , tim kaine interrupted mike pence 70 times . which means technically , they now qualify as a married couple . 
a survey claims that hillary clinton has a 41 point lead over donald trump among asian - american voters . trump said , " it’s not true and i bet whoever did the math wasn’t asian . " 
it’s come out that donald trump once made a cameo appearance in a softcore porn movie . trump’s face was spotted in the porno by an eagle - eyed bill clinton . 
today , sarah palin pointed out that when she debated joe biden , she had to stand for 90 minutes in high heels . when he heard this , mike pence said , " that’s nothing - try sitting that long in a leather thong ! " 
in australia , a woman fended off a crocodile by hitting it with her flip flops . authorities went to kill the crocodile , but it had already died from embarrassment . 
a man who gave up masturbation for 700 days claims it gave him sharper focus and more energy . then someone explained to him , " it was only one day , it just felt like 700 . " 
it’s been revealed that dogs can tell time with their noses . but sadly , it’s always ass o’clock . 
donald trump is threatening to sue the producers of particularly " nasty " campaign ads . trump said , " especially the ones that use my exact words . " 
today president obama honored the winners of the nhl stanley cup at the white house . obama gave a speech about how much hockey meant to him as a black kid growing up in hawaii . 
rush limbaugh , whose show is headquartered in florida , said the government is hyping hurricane matthew to " sell " climate change . limbaugh was unable to finish his comments because he was suddenly under 200 feet of seawater . 
a new study claims that sex gets better for women as they get older . when asked if sex was also better for their partner , the women said " what partner ? " 
rapper fetty wap was in court this week for multiple driving violations . however , he’s insisting they arrested the wrong fetty wap . 
i want the cubs to break the curse , but i want it to be the curse of tutankhamun . 
during a campaign event at a florida pumpkin patch , donald trump met with pumpkin farmers . there was an awkward moment when one of the pumpkin farmers tried to carve trump’s head . 
over the weekend in gettysburg , donald trump told a crowd that as soon as the election ends he will sue the women accusing him of sexual misconduct . it’s being called " the second greatest gettysburg address in history . " 
in a speech today , senator elizabeth warren addressed donald trump’s recent remarks about hillary clinton by saying " we nasty women are going to march our nasty feet to cast our nasty votes . " i don’t know about you , but i’m kind of turned on . 
on friday , a cyberattack shut down amazon , cnn , and twitter . apparently , the cyberterrorists shut down amazon first , then amazon suggested they may also like cnn and twitter . 
last friday , amazon , cnn , and twitter were all down all over the united states . it’s a chilling day that will one day be known in history as " productive friday . " 
there is a new bike lock that prevents theft by releasing a gas that makes a robber throw up if they cut the lock . so , the good news is : your bike wasn’t stolen . the bad news : it’s covered in robber vomit . 
a new report in indiana has found that thousands of dead people are still registered to vote . which explains why today , donald trump held four rallies and three séances . 
analysts are speculating that communication between donald trump and his campaign manager kellyanne conway has become practically nonexistent . they say if she spoke to trump any less , they’d be married . 
it’s come out that donald trump has spent a large portion of his campaign donations buying copies of his own book , " art of the deal . " trump supporters are angry that he misused their money , and even angrier that he bought a book . 
the vatican has issued new guidelines on cremation , saying catholics must bury the ashes in a cemetery . which is too bad , because i wanted my ashes to be a secret ingredient on the show " chopped . " 
scientists have discovered a new kind of insect that has four penises . the insect is described as " exhausted . " 
a youth football team in rhode island was kicked out of its league after they snuck an adult man into their starting lineup . on the bright side , tim tebow scored twelve touchdowns . 
today is a special day , today is hillary clinton’s birthday . you could email her a birthday card , or just send it straight to wikileaks . 
the clinton campaign released a video of vice presidential candidate tim kaine and rapper pusha t discussing social issues at a campaign stop . tim kaine had a lot of questions for pusha t , the first being " who are you ? " 
in an interview , newt gingrich accused megyn kelly of being more interested in sex than public policy . then kelly explained that everyone is more interested in sex than public policy . 
new york giants quarterback eli manning is denying reports that he yelled out “trump ! ” to signal an audible during sunday’s game . manning said actually " trump " is a signal for " illegal use of hands . " 
a new report says north korea’s elite get to enjoy perks like pizzas , pony rides , and dolphin shows . in other words : kim jong - un is running his country like a divorced dad with weekend custody . 
in south carolina , a woman was convicted of defrauding her sorority of $ 235 , 000 . it was the landmark case of jen vs a bunch of ashleys . 
in new york , a group of burger king employees dressed up their restaurant as a mcdonald’s for halloween . and in an even crazier stunt , olive garden employees dressed up their workplace as an italian restaurant . 
hillary clinton is releasing a new campaign ad with a voiceover by morgan freeman . when donald trump heard the ad , he was furious and said " how could denzel washington do this to me ? " 
according to a poll , donald trump is on track to get more black votes than any republican presidential candidate since richard nixon . yes , now keep in mind , richard nixon got four black votes . 
it’s been reported that some people are getting ocular herpes from sharing virtual reality headsets . fortunately , the people using virtual reality headsets are at extremely low risk of getting any other kind of herpes . 
the fcc has announced strict new rules to protect online privacy . the announcement was released today on wikileaks . 
according to a new poll that just came out , more americans are scared of clowns than they are of climate change . which makes sense when you think about it , because clowns leave a really , really big carbon footprint . 
new york’s museum of modern art has acquired the first known set of 176 emojis . not to be outdone , in italy , they’ve replaced michelangelo’s david with a giant dick pic . 
twitter is getting rid of their vine app . now if you want to see a six second video you’ll have to watch my sex tape . twice . 
two things happened last night - donald trump got elected president , and my job just got easier for the next four years . 
last night , donald trump was elected president . the first thing i did this morning was call my old high school bully and congratulate him . 
for the millions who are disappointed for hillary , remember , america has a special place for people who lose . ironically , it’s the cast of " celebrity apprentice . " 
it’s been 48 hours since the election - i’m happy to report , the healing has begun . i just unblocked three family members on facebook . 
some people are admitting that it’s weird to say , " president - elect trump . " it’s especially weird for me because " president - elect trump " happens to be my safe word . 
donald trump will be the first us president ever to have appeared in an ad for pizza hut . in fact , some pundits are predicting trump will run in 2020 against flo from progressive . 
melania trump’s home country , slovenia , is said to be " very proud " of her . then slovenia admitted , " we really don’t have a lot going on . " 
some analysts say a donald trump presidency could cripple the future of legalized marijuana . and to make matters worse , once it’s crippled , trump will make fun of it . 
a man is suing donald trump for one billion dollars claiming the campaign caused him " emotional distress . " that man’s name is billy bush . 
fishermen have found a 176 - pound piece of whale vomit valued at nearly $ 3 million . evidently , the whale had been watching the election returns . 
on " 60 minutes " last night , donald trump said he wishes his campaign ' s tone had been " nicer " and more " on policy . " trump said " but then , i would have lost . " 
during the interview last night on " 60 minutes , " donald trump said , " i’m a very sober person . " after hearing this , half of america said , " so were we until last tuesday . " 
donald trump ' s children are helping him transition to the white house . right now 10 - year - old barron trump is interviewing the next head of the nsa . 
donald trump has stated he wants to make it easier to sue journalists . he also wants to use the second amendment to shoot the first amendment . 
work has begun at chernobyl on a giant concrete and steel arch that’s going to cover the site of the reactor that exploded in 1986 . even crazier , they want to make mexico pay for it . 
according to scientists , the moon is the closest it’s been to the earth since 1948 . apparently , the moon is worried and wants to know what the hell is going on down here . 
donald trump has announced that as president , he’ll take a salary of $ 1 a year . and he promises he’ll earn every penny . 
president - elect trump tweeted that he would have won the popular vote if he had campaigned more in new york , florida , and california . trump explained , " i just got tired and ran out of terrible things to say . " 
there are reports that bill clinton encouraged donald trump to run for president . when asked about it , bill clinton said , " it hasn’t been this tense around my house since… well , you know… " 
over the weekend , some of the anti - trump protests turned violent in portland . portland doctors reported a sharp increase in " handlebar mustache injuries . " 
neo - nazis have declared new balance " the official shoes of white people . " this is a huge blow to the good people who make crocs . 
apple has changed back their design of the peach emoji to look more like a butt after people were upset the new design no longer looked like a butt . so you see , people – sometimes democracy does work ! 
experts say one of the biggest threats facing donald trump’s presidency could be north korea . evidently , kim jong - un is so incompetent and unstable , they’re worried trump will give him a cabinet post . 
donald trump said the transition is going well and he has spoken to " many foreign leaders . " then someone had to explain to trump that barack obama is not a " foreign leader . " 
president obama was in greece today and he visited the ancient greek acropolis . obama said , " i wanted to get used to seeing a once - great democracy in ruins . " 
a united airlines pilot made a speech over the intercom warning his passengers not to make political rants . he said , “please continue , as always , to focus all your rage on united airlines . " 
in the uk , they’re launching an official quidditch league , with eight teams competing across the country . it’s the first sports league where everyone has an equal chance of being a loser . 
in mexico , for the first time in years , an 1100 - pound man has finally left his bed . and the guy on the bottom bunk is very grateful . 
during president obama’s visit to greece yesterday , huge anti - obama protests broke out . however , obama was able to quiet down the crowd by saying , " wait ' til you see the next guy . " 
ben from " the bachelor " has called off his wedding . apparently , donald trump wants to interview him for secretary of defense . 
a woman has been charged with filing a false police report after posting that she had been kidnapped on facebook . people grew suspicious when the woman liked her own kidnapping . 
an artificially intelligent sex robot is expected to hit the market next year . because that’s what guys want in a sex robot - intelligence . 
according to a new study , marijuana users are twice as likely to suffer from a heart condition known as stress cardiomyopathy . but they’re three times as likely not to care . 
this thanksgiving for the first time ever , your drunk uncle will seem quite " presidential . " 
love means never having to say " i’m sorry i left the money in bogota . i had no idea jaime was going to get decapitated at the dead drop . " 
i judge a good pair of yoga pants by the number of hip and ankle flask pockets . 
the mcdonald’s mcrib is back , and there’s now an app that helps you find one . it’s called fattr . 
i ' m at trump tower , about to meet about a cabinet position . sitting between dustin diamond and a guy that can swallow 50 eggs . 
just looked at the holiday edition of oprah ' s favorite things . # 26 is the rare earth element promethium . 
i ' d like to go a whole day without hearing the terms " orwellian " or " kafka - esque . " 
tried to pardon my turkey and he sued me for wrongful imprisonment and defamation . 
is it me or does the white meat seem particularly angry this thanksgiving ? 
this black friday , i’m choosing small local businesses for my frenzied , materialistic rampage . 
yesterday , donald trump tweeted that millions of people voted illegally on election day . then someone told trump it’s not illegal for women to vote . 
donald trump said he will not try and send hillary clinton to jail . after hearing this , bill clinton said , " hey , you promised . " 
donald trump is giving key positions in his cabinet to people who were loyal to him early on . so congratulations , defense secretary scott baio ! 
a chef has created a 400 - pound gingerbread replica of chicago’s wrigley field . the gingerbread stadium combines chicago residents ' two greatest passions : baseball , and diabetes . 
breakfast club star anthony michael hall is facing seven years in prison for fighting his neighbor . however , his lawyer is trying to plea bargain that down to just serving detention with molly ringwald , emilio estevez , and judd nelson . 
in honor of cyber monday , amazon has a segway on sale for $ 400 off its regular price . so good news , it’s never been cheaper to look like a douche . 
today , donald trump tweeted angrily about journalists saying , " they will never learn . " which coincidentally is the school motto at trump university . 
some analysts say that donald trump’s business dealings overseas could lead to him being impeached . or as trump is describing that , " a season finale you won’t wanna miss ! " 
this thursday to show his appreciation , president - elect trump will be going on a " thank you tour . " the tour starts in moscow . 
an expert on donald trump was quoted as saying " he is a vindictive man with a fragile ego who craves approval . " but then the interview was cut short when melania trump heard her husband walk through the door . 
the world’s oldest woman , who turned 117 today , says her longevity is due to staying single and eating raw eggs . then she said the secret to staying single is eating raw eggs . 
last night , donald trump and mitt romney had dinner together at an expensive restaurant in new york city called jean george . the two billionaires dined on fancy french cuisine and then talked about how out of touch washington is . 
at their dinner together , president - elect donald trump and mitt romney dined on sautéed frogs legs . i don’t know about you , but eating frogs legs with donald trump sounds like someone lost a bet . 
yesterday , donald trump had his third top secret intelligence briefing . if you’d like to know the details , just check trump’s twitter feed . 
this week , sarah palin said that god helped donald trump win the presidential election . when he heard this , a furious satan said , “don’t i get credit for anything ? ” 
in the next few years , the federal government is planning to forgive $ 100 billion of student debt . so , congratulations to six usc grads . 
an expert panel has recommended that a medically - induced pregnancy made from three people’s dna could begin as early as next year . so finally some good news for the jonas brothers . 
two connecticut residents stole over $ 1 , 000 - worth of candles from the yankee candle village . the suspects are being described as white . 
sources say donald trump’s daughter ivanka will take on many of the duties normally associated with the first lady . this was at the recommendation of trump’s new surgeon general , dr . freud . 
it’s been reported that president - elect trump has chosen 4 - star general james mattis for secretary of defense . when trump was told the general had 4 stars , he said , " wow , that’s a great yelp review . " 
this is a true story - for his secretary of defense , donald trump has chosen a retired marine general whose nickname is mad dog . so sleep well , america ! 
mitt romney is being mocked by many republicans for going to a fancy french dinner with donald trump . it’s also not helping that afterwards , romney let trump get to third base . 
the ceo of starbucks announced he’s stepping down . he’s going to become the ceo of the starbucks across the street . 
the prince of thailand has been crowned as king rama the 10th . so , your " king rama the 9th " coffee mug is now a worthless piece of shit . 
anthony weiner has returned from his stay at a sex rehab clinic . friends say rehab made weiner a calmer more thoughtful person , who now only sends tasteful oil paintings of his dick . 
can anyone recommend a good video game that requires zero skill and is just a yo - yo ? 
i’m just like you . i get up and put on my pants two legs inside the same leg , collapse to the ground , and scream for my manservant mr . moto . 
just 26 more shopping days until jimmy buffett ' s birthday . 
it could be worse : trump could be instagramming his lunch at 3am . 
wow , the cleveland browns are 0 - 12 . on the bright side , they ' re still leading in the popular vote . 
call me old - fashioned , but i still prefer the original mannequin challenge : 24 hours in the window of a sears without alerting security . 
minnesota ' s mall of america has hired its first - ever black santa claus . which sounds like a big deal until you realize that in minnesota , i’m considered black . 
donald trump is reportedly considering two democrats for his cabinet . that’s right , and those democrats are donald trump from 1996 and donald trump from 2004 . 
today , al gore met with donald trump to discuss climate change . to try to explain it in terms trump would understand , gore said " the planet is getting hotter than your daughter ivanka . " 
over the weekend , president - elect trump tweeted that " saturday night live " was " unwatchable . " he then tweeted that the new " gilmore girls " was " funny , tender , and gave me all the feels . " 
on saturday , the hearse carrying fidel castro’s remains broke down and had to be pushed . the hearse was being driven by cuba’s minister of metaphors . 
a new study just came out and it reveals women prefer a slightly larger penis . when asked what they mean by that , the women said , " bigger than yours . " 
this week , donald trump is going to north carolina , iowa , and michigan , all states that voted for him for his " thank you " tour . then , he comes here to california for the " you’re dead to me " tour . 
donald trump has yet to pick a secretary of state . right now it’s between mitt romney and a guy spinning a sign in front of a we buy gold shop . 
according to a new poll , only 19% of new jersey residents approve of their governor chris christie . and they’re all restaurant owners . 
the supreme court has ruled that samsung did not violate apple’s patent on smartphone technology . the justices said , " it’s clear that samsung came up with the idea of a phone bursting into flames all by themselves . " 
the ceo of lego will be replaced next year . the new ceo’s head is being snapped on as we speak . 
in a new study , women prefer a bigger penis for a one night stand and a smaller one for a long term relationship . in a related story , my wife and i just celebrated our 14th anniversary . 
donald trump has been named time magazine’s " person of the year . " when he found out , trump said " that’s all i ever really wanted , " and then he quit public life , never to be heard from again . 
donald trump said he has asked president obama to help recommend some of his appointments . obama said fine , and recommended hillary clinton for president . 
a new report just came out and it details four different ways donald trump could get us into a fight with china . surprisingly , number 4 is " grabbing china by the pussy . " 
pope francis has warned the media to stop spreading false information . or as the media reported it , " world’s top rabbi says ' keep up the good work ! ' " 
a fraternity at hofstra university is in trouble for a hazing ritual that included putting hot sauce on a pledge’s genitals . the hot sauce was so hot that the guy is now pledging a sorority . 
united airlines just announced they will now be charging some passengers to use the overhead compartment . that explains united’s new motto , " if you’re still flying with us , you’re stupid . " 
for his secretary of labor , president - elect trump has picked an executive from the fast food restaurants carl’s jr and hardee’s .   afterwards , trump admitted he made the choice on an empty stomach . 
donald trump’s campaign manager kellyanne conway said she cannot take a position in the trump administration because she has four young children . she said , " this would mean taking care of one more . " 
starbucks has come out with a new frappuccino that’s named after pokémon go . they’re saying it has " the taste of something you lost interest in around september . " 
for the second year in a row , johnny depp has been named forbes magazine’s most overpaid actor .   after hearing this , nicolas cage said , " what do i have to do ? " 
everyone’s ok , but this morning , a 6 . 5 - magnitude earthquake hit california’s prime marijuana - growing county . authorities swept the area , urging residents to remain even calmer . 
this holiday season , give the gift that says , " here is your gift . " give a candle . 
every year i ask for " world peace " and i never get it , so f * * * it , i want wireless headphones ! 
thanks to donald trump , coal is coming back to our stockings . 
a nasa scientist has warned that earth is unprepared for a surprise asteroid hit and said , " there’s not a hell of a lot we can do about it . " so , ladies and gentlemen , happy holidays ! 
today , donald trump met with kanye west . it’s always cool when two future presidents hang out . 
a friend of donald trump’s said that trump dangled the office of secretary of state to mitt romney to " torture him . " you can watch the whole thing in the new series , " white billionaire pranks . " 
mitt romney tweeted that it was " an honor " to be considered for secretary of state . romney then tweeted " oh , and has anyone seen my dignity ? " 
donald trump’s pick for secretary of state , rex tillerson , was once the president of the boy scouts of america . or as donald trump calls that , " government experience . " 
a flight attendant has pled guilty to smuggling 60 lbs of cocaine in her carry - on bag . people got suspicious when her safety lecture went on for 4 hours . 
pods of cannabis coffee will soon be available in six states . they’re expected to sell well among people who want to be alert enough to know how high they are . 
a new lawsuit claims that uber employees use passenger data to stalk celebrities . when i called to complain , uber said , " don’t worry , conan , we didn’t mean you . " 
some people are now criticizing kanye west for meeting with donald trump . but in kanye’s defense , he says , " i’m used to spending all my time with a giant ass from reality tv . " 
kanye west tweeted a photo of a donald trump - signed copy of time magazine’s person of the year issue . trump signed it , " to my good friend , ben carson . " 
so far , president - elect donald trump ' s cabinet is over 75% white men . it’s the first presidential cabinet in history to be sponsored by dockers . 
the oldest living american , a new jersey woman , has just turned 114 . at her birthday party she said , " why are we celebrating ? i just spent 114 years in new jersey . " 
according to a new report , the cost of all the gifts listed in " the twelve days of christmas " song is up $ 233 from last year . man , that lords a leaping union is killing us . 
according to a recent study , the average length of time that human males engage in sex is two minutes . and that time is even shorter when there’s a partner involved . 
true story , the average length of time that human males engage in sex is two minutes . ladies , i promise , i can cut that time in half . 
yesterday at a conference with silicon valley executives , donald trump said , " there’s nobody like you in the world . " then he put down his mirror and began the meeting . 
donald trump said he wants apple to bring manufacturing jobs from china back to america . he said , " it’s about time we put american kids to work ! " 
donald trump has already proposed " mad dog " mattis for his cabinet and now he’s considering idaho governor " butch otter . " if " butch otter " and " mad dog " are confirmed , the president’s cabinet will officially become a fraternity . 
google says two of its top most - searched terms in 2016 were " hillary clinton " and " pokémon go . " both searches led to the website " things that looked unstoppable back in september . " 
two - thirds of americans think fake news causes confusion . the other one - third said , " why are we talking about this when we’re being invaded by killer dolphins ? " 
paris is facing its worst rat crisis in decades . even worse , since it’s france , it’s an existential rat crisis . 
starbucks has just started offering a seasonal " fruitcake frappuccino . " starbucks said they’re trying to reach a new target market called " no one . " 
controversial olympic swimmer ryan lochte said his wife is expecting . lochte said he doesn’t care if it’s a boy or a girl as long as it’s dumb . 
republicans are now saying that donald trump would have won the popular vote if we didn’t count california . and hillary clinton would have won the electoral vote if we didn’t count russia . 
so far donald trump’s cabinet picks have a net worth of over 14 billion dollars . so hopefully , trump’s plan to balance the budget involves calling a meeting and then just passing the hat around . 
according to a new study that just came out , older men who frequently use a sauna are less likely to develop dementia . which is too bad , because if you’re spending that much time looking at old naked guys , there’s probably a lot you’d want to forget . 
health officials say there’s a new trend of women using marijuana during their pregnancy . which explains why this year’s most popular baby name is " funyuns . " 
it’s rumored that the iphone 8 will have a curved screen made by samsung . the screen wasn’t meant to be curved , that’s just the shape it melted into when it caught fire . 
yesterday was keith richards’ birthday . he would have been 73 . 
scientists have discovered a new alternative to " female viagra . " it’s called " a guy who isn’t you . " 
donald trump said that after the election , he didn ' t call bill clinton , but instead , " bill clinton called me . " bill clinton said , " actually , i was calling for melania and he answered the phone . " 
opera star andrea bocelli has backed out of performing at donald trump’s inauguration after pressure from his fans . so congratulations to his replacement chumbawumba . 
donald trump is saying " merry christmas " instead of " happy holidays . " donald trump said he’s a fan of jesus because " i like guys who inherit their dad’s business and then think they’re god . " 
today , queen elizabeth stepped down as the patron of children’s charities . the queen said , " i just realized i really hate kids . " 
a study has confirmed that eating less increases your lifespan . the study goes on to advise the residents of wisconsin to get their affairs in order . 
health officials say there’s a new trend of women using marijuana during their pregnancy . this has given rise to another new trend - babies choosing to just stay in the womb and chill . 
a new study has proven that animals do indeed have personalities . as expected , the study also confirmed that all cats are dicks . 
it’s wednesday , that means we are now officially three days away from christmas and hanukkah . that means you ladies are done shopping and guys , you have two more days to start . 
a lot of celebrities are revealing what gifts they got their loved ones . for example , bill clinton gave hillary an " at least you won the popular vote " coffee mug . 
a woman participated in the reddit secret santa toy exchange and her secret santa turned out to be bill gates . she’s now enjoying her christmas gift , the country of belgium . 
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg built a digital assistant that can make toast . so finally , an easy way to make toast . 
scientists are predicting that in the future , sex between married couples will just be for special occasions because robots will fulfill our daily sexual needs . and thanks to my roomba , the future is now . 
according to the 25th amendment , if the president is incapacitated , the vice president becomes the executive producer of " the apprentice . " 
i don’t bring it up a lot , but if you just count the electoral votes , i won " the voice " last season . 
how many licks does it take to get to the center of an outdated tv commercial reference ? 
i was so hoping that natalie portman’s biopic " jackie " was about jackie chan . 
' tis the season for weird guys to go into brookstone , use all the massagers , then leave without buying anything . 
i’m going to say we’re 10 months away from a " real white housewives of dc " show . 
ear buds were almost called lobe chums . 
the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn ' t exist . the worst trick he pulled was that " got your nose " thing . 
life hack : if you run out of breadcrumbs for a recipe , turn your computer keyboard over and shake it . 
neil degrasse tyson : the effects of altering the space - time continuum are unknowable . 
me : i hate watching " it’s a wonderful life " with you . 
santa knows if i’ve been bad or good , so he and my browser history have a lot in common . 
how do i handle this ? i got a coupon for a back rub from my gardener . 
what a holiday treat - they’re offering free egg nog samples in this chevron station men’s room . 
prediction : before he takes the oath of office , trump will ask us all to sign a prenup . 
let’s build a time machine and make 2016 great again . 
i don’t make new year’s resolutions , i make new year’s vague declarations of semi - intent . 
how much lingerie should i buy my therapist to prove to her that i don’t have boundary issues ? 
inspired by la la land , i just sang and danced my way into a divorce . 
i prefer farm - to - sink , because that’s where i’m standing when i eat most of my meals . 
i know you’re not supposed to yell " fire " in a theater , but since when am i not supposed to yell " pooty tang ? " 
at last night’s golden globes , meryl streep criticized donald trump , then trump tweeted that she is " overrated . " " overrated " is different from trump’s normal insult for women , " over 40 . " 
donald trump is reportedly having multiple disagreements with his defense secretary pick , james " mad dog " mattis . you know you’re in trouble when a guy named mad dog is telling you to take it down a notch . 
donald trump is making his son - in - law jared kushner a senior adviser to the presidency . today , trump said , " i’ve looked into it and nothing’s ever gone wrong with a guy named jared . " 
over the weekend , pope francis gave his support to a woman who was publicly breastfeeding . the pope defended himself saying , " i’m celibate , this is all i have . " 
later this month , google will be testing its new self - driving minivans . the vehicles can do all the functions of a human driver , except wonder , " christ , how did i end up driving a minivan ? " 
due to slow sales , apple ceo tim cook has been given a 15% pay cut . or as cook is spinning it , he’s coming out with a thinner more lightweight wallet . 
one of the new products at the consumer electronics show is a pair of jeans that vibrate the left or right pocket to tell you which direction to drive . of course , the most exciting part is the way the jeans tell you to back it up . 
on twitter , porn actress jenna jameson bashed meryl streep for her golden globe speech . wow , it’s going to be awkward the next time jameson and streep do a movie together . 
cnn is reporting that the russians have disgusting and damaging information about donald trump . apparently , the russian report on trump contains " everything we already know . " 
republican senator rand paul said that this week he will introduce a gop replacement plan for obamacare . the new comprehensive health initiative will be called " don’t get sick . " 
it’s being reported yahoo might be changing its name to altaba . the announcement was made so people could get a jump start on saying , " you’re still using altaba ? " 
a man has finally been arrested for changing the famous hollywood sign to read " hollyweed . " in other words , we’re punishing the first stoner in the world to actually show some initiative . 
in florida , a group of homes had to be evacuated due to a sinkhole . however , as usual officials are having trouble telling where the sinkhole ends and florida begins . 
archaeologists have discovered fossilized tomatillos believed to be 52 million years old . they were found in the kitchen of a san bernardino chili’s . 
angelina jolie and brad pitt have reached a divorce agreement . they agreed on a 50 - 50 split : she takes 50 kids , he takes the other 50 . 
the most salacious bit of info in the intelligence report was that donald trump hired two prostitutes to pee on a bed while he watched . when he heard this , bill clinton said , " the baton has been passed . " 
buzzfeed has released an unverified report claiming donald trump hired two russian prostitutes to pee on a bed while he watched . trump denied the report and said , " i would never give a foreign worker a job that an american worker could do just as well . " 
in a tweet today , donald trump compared the way he’s been treated to " nazi germany . " which is unfair , because everyone knows hitler won his election without the help of the russians . 
at his press conference today , donald trump said america will build the border wall and then be reimbursed by mexico . the invoice will be submitted to mexico’s department of " in your dreams , pendejo . " 
in his farewell speech , president obama said being a father to his daughters was his proudest achievement . in response , donald trump said being a father to his daughter is the reason he’s not allowed to date her . 
7 - eleven announced it’s now offering " breakfast pizza . " it’s all in keeping with 7 - eleven’s motto : " if you’re here , you’re probably hungover . " 
according to a new study , the average cost of raising a child in america is now over $ 200 , 000 . the study was funded by trojan condoms . 
good news , the 5 - year drought is over . that’s right , last night , i had sex . 
it’s raining so hard now , we’re actually having mudslides here in la . this morning i was driving to work and i was passed by a house . 
today , the san diego chargers announced they are moving to los angeles . the owner of the chargers said , " what can i say , we really loved la la land ! " 
the cia is now saying that the kremlin has multiple sexual recordings of donald trump . after hearing this , trump smirked and said , " yeah , all from the same night… # stamina . " 
donald trump has named 72 - year - old rudy giuliani to be his adviser on cybersecurity . trump explained , " i’m not up to speed on the latest technology , so i wanted to get somebody two years older . " 
one of donald trump’s top advisers is the ceo of marvel comics . which is why today the avengers announced that they would be deporting thor . 
taco bell has unveiled a new taco where the shell is made out of fried chicken . their slogan is , " there’s never been a tastier way to say ' i give up . ' " 
doctor says my testosterone levels are normal . so why did i just spend three hours on pinterest looking at kilims ? 
the only time i regret having three cats is fairly often . 
except for my tendency to screech at flying sparks , i would have made an excellent blacksmith . 
bachelorette party planners : make sure to buy chocolate penises with at least 65% cocoa if you want the antioxidant benefits . 
reminder to my massage therapists : the less you giggle the more i tip . 
over the weekend , donald trump sent out angry tweets blasting civil rights legend john lewis . so i guess we all celebrate martin luther king day differently . 
a bruce springsteen cover band is the latest musical act to drop out of performing at donald trump’s inauguration . you know , it’s not a good sign when a cover band thinks you’re not a legitimate president . 
in an interview yesterday , donald trump said he has a replacement for obamacare that will provide insurance for everybody . it’s called " move to canada . " 
dozens of democratic members of congress are boycotting donald trump’s inauguration . which is shocking , because i didn’t know there were still dozens of democratic members of congress . 
in an interview , president obama said that reading books helped him get through difficult times during his presidency . then he said , " so thank you , judy blume ! " 
there’s a new app out there that describes itself as " tinder for adopting babies . " so one day , siblings will be taunting each other with , " ha ha , mom right - swiped you ! " 
there’s a new app that simulates a long - distance kiss from a loved one using a rubber mouth . it’s expected to sell well among " people who won’t be using it for that . " 
it’s expected to rain in washington during donald trump’s inauguration . in response , donald trump tweeted " the sky is rigged . " 
it’s rumored that donald trump’s transition team is paying seat fillers to attend his inauguration . just a word of advice to the trump seat fillers : make sure you get paid up front . 
donald trump said after he’s sworn into office on friday , he’s going to take the weekend off . unless of course he has to deal with a national emergency or a " saturday night live " sketch . 
today , donald trump’s childhood home in new york was put up for auction . back then trump was so poor he had to wet his own bed . 
it was announced that alex rodriguez is going to host a reality tv show featuring former athletes who are now broke . or as that’s already known , " dancing with the stars . " 
it’s being reported that porn videos are being hidden inside regular videos on youtube . so word to the wise , if you click on a cute panda video , that may not be bamboo in his mouth . 
the hacker group anonymous is warning donald trump that it has damaging information on him . apparently , anonymous somehow got ahold of all of trump’s speeches and tweets . 
it’s been reported that donald trump has said of isis , " we have to end it . " trump’s plan to end isis is to turn it into an online university . 
republicans want to eliminate many of the restrictions of the endangered species act . that’s bad news for animals , but great news for fans of carl’s jr . ’s california condor burger . 
analysts say china is gearing up for a trade war with the united states . here’s how it’s gonna go : china will say , " we have all your iphones , " and we ' ll say , " we surrender . " 
nintendo recently unveiled the switch , a home video game console that you can unplug and take whenever you go somewhere . when they heard this , hardcore gamers said , " what do you mean – ' go somewhere ? ' " 
mcdonald’s is coming out with an extra - large big mac called the " grand mac . " the grand mac’s slogan is " you’re gonna die anyway , why wait ? " 
the hall of presidents at disney world is getting ready to unveil its animatronic donald trump . they’re having a little trouble though , because every time they turn the donald trump robot on it grabs minnie mouse by the pussy . 
the president of gambia is refusing to step down , even though the country has elected a new president . which raises the question , why can’t we be more like gambia ? 
meteorologists are predicting that the weather for the inauguration tomorrow will be cold , damp , and dreary . however , things will warm up later in the afternoon , during the rapture . 
donald trump’s press secretary claims that trump’s cabinet will be one of the most diverse in history . of course he didn’t mean american history , he meant confederate history . 
a southern california man has created a dating site exclusively for trump supporters . it’s a great way for angry white men to meet other angry white men . 
today , in his last full day in office , president obama commuted the sentences of 330 prisoners . after hearing this , melania trump said , " i hope i’m one of them . " 
according to a new study , women are evolutionarily programmed to regret one night stands . at least , that has been my experience . 
if an asteroid hit the earth right now , i think a lot of us would just shrug . 
if we all pitch in , we can fund the removal of that little eddie munster - ish v - shaped hair thing on paul ryan’s forehead . 
" i don’t believe in limits " is a less inspiring creed when shouted shirtless to a highway patrolman who’s just pulled you over . 
the only thing we have to fear is gerald fear , of sheboygan , wisconsin . he is a serial killer . 
i dreamed i was driving 100 mph on the freeway and when i woke up i was driving 100 mph on the freeway . 
when you march the streets shouting with people it’s civil disobedience , but do it drunk by yourself & it’s an involuntary 72 - hour hold . 
you can really sense the unease in america . no wait i’m just on a moving walkway in an airport . 
over the weekend , 750 , 000 protesters attended the women’s march in downtown los angeles . the last time this many women gathered in downtown la , it was to testify against bill cosby . 
there were marches across all seven continents , including antarctica . to be fair to trump , the protest in antarctica was just the march of the penguins . 
the white house has admitted that donald trump did not write his inauguration speech . the speech was written late last thursday by a disgruntled postal worker . 
friends say hillary clinton is thinking of writing another book . this book’s tentative title is " happy now , assholes ? " 
a man in mexico claims he has an 18 - inch penis . don’t worry ladies , if trump does build that wall , the guy can vault over it . 
the oscar nominations came out today and the movie " la la land " got 14 nominations . however , that’s only because 3 - 5 million undocumented immigrants voted illegally . 
it is true , i’m not making this up , he did call his inauguration day " a national day of patriotic devotion . " so today , trump was accused of fascism by democrats and plagiarism by kim jong - un . 
president trump announced he will nominate a new supreme court justice sometime next week . trump said , " i just need a few more days to come up with someone completely unqualified . " 
senior aides to donald trump say they try to keep him from watching cable tv . and that’s partly because the news channels upset him , but mostly because he’s now bought over 300 nutribullets . 
a fox news host claims he saw trump adviser kellyanne conway get into a fistfight at one of the inaugural balls . however , today it was explained to him that “that’s just how irish people dance . " 
engineers have begun trying to find a way to brew beer on the moon . which means we’ll soon have astronauts calling into mission control saying , " houston , we have a drinking problem . " 
a new study finds that when it comes to dangerous chemicals , most sex toys are safer than children’s toys . a notable exception is the lego anal avenger . 
president trump has called for an investigation into voter fraud during the presidential election . trump said , " i mean for god’s sake , look who they chose ! " 
yesterday , donald trump threatened to send federal troops to chicago . the weird part is , not the city , the musical . 
today , president trump signed an executive order authorizing the building of the border wall . it’s guaranteed to keep out all mexicans unless they get their hands on a ladder or a shovel . 
today at the vatican , arnold schwarzenegger met pope francis and tweeted that he is " a true leader for the church . " then pope francis tweeted , " i couldn’t understand a word that guy said . " 
a famous building in san francisco used for making porn is closing . according to the landlord , they are definitely not getting their deposit back . 
everyone’s okay , but a man and his 75 - year - old mom survived being lifted out of their home during a tornado by sitting together in a bathtub . the man said the tornado didn’t traumatize him but being in a bathtub with his mother did . 
the man with the world’s largest penis has been offered a role in a porn movie . he had to say no because he’s too busy hosting his late night show , " conan . " 
if trump builds the wall , isn’t that going to trap the 3 million people who voted illegally inside the us ? 
it’s being estimated that donald trump’s border wall could cost as much as $ 15 billion . or as trump is putting it , " a dollar for every person who attended my inauguration . " 
the president of mexico has cancelled his planned visit to the united states due to the announcement about the border wall . when donald trump heard that the mexican president was not coming he said , " see , the wall’s working already . " 
to pay for his wall , donald trump is proposing a 20% tax on all imports from mexico . man , this is really going to drive up the price of those trump piñatas . 
analysts say that the liberal democrats are launching their own version of the tea party . it’s called the " organic chai tea party . " 
american airlines announced that some of their seats will no longer have video monitors for watching movies . american airlines is calling this new class of service , " bring your ipad , a - hole . " 
a bar in san francisco recently hosted a high tech dance party powered by the ibm supercomputer watson . unfortunately , watson got really drunk and kept shouting , " who wants to blow my circuits ? " 
one upside to a trump presidency is we’re going to be in great shape from all this marching . 
a lot of job loss is attributed to automation . in fact , today i fired my writers because for the next four years , jokes will write themselves . 
when i die , i want to be buried with my boots on . specifically , my black prada saffiano leather plain - toes . 
if any of you see xxx : return of xander cage this weekend , could you let me know if it’s as good as the novel ? 
kim jong - un wants to meet with president trump . i smell a buddy movie ! 
yesterday , donald trump spent the afternoon at the white house watching " finding dory " with his family . apparently , in this version , dory couldn’t be found because she was being detained at the airport . 
this weekend , the nation ' s airports were filled with people protesting president trump ' s muslim ban . it was the largest collection of angry people at an airport since every united airlines flight . 
in germany , a member of the nazi leadership’s inner circle has died at the age of 106 . that’s okay , the senate probably wouldn’t have confirmed her nomination anyway . 
the ceo of starbucks has pledged to hire 10 , 000 refugees . so if you think they’re writing your name incorrectly on the cups now . . . 
the ceo of starbucks has pledged to hire 10 , 000 refugees . when asked why , the ceo said , " starbucks has always been the place for people with nowhere else to go . " 
during an interview yesterday , trump adviser kellyanne conway compared donald trump to jesus . that’s right , two guys who started out by inheriting their fathers ' business . 
california governor jerry brown said if he has to , he will fight donald trump in court on climate change . experts say it will be the landmark case of brown vs orange . 
donald trump says he wants to speed up the fda’s drug approval process . trump said " with what i’ve got planned , america’s going to need all the drugs it can get . " 
donald trump now says that this week , he will allow 872 refugees into the united states . trump says the immigrants will arrive on friday and start their modeling careers on monday . 
31 pounds of cocaine has been found hidden in the nose of an american airlines jet . authorities became suspicious when the plane flew from miami to new york in 16 minutes . 
the navy seal who actually killed osama bin laden now has a book coming out . here’s the weird thing , it’s a pop - up book . 
to compete with amazon , today walmart started offering free 2 - day shipping . the only problem is no one wants anything from walmart to arrive that fast . 
starbucks is partnering with amazon to make it possible for alexa to place your coffee order for you . all you have to do is use the simple voice command : " alexa , i’m pathetic . " 
it’s rumored that melania trump has decided not to live in the white house at all . man , donald trump is keeping immigrants away left and right . 
in new york city , two supermodels joined a protest against donald trump’s muslim ban . after hearing this , trump said , " maybe i should rethink things . " 
while on vacation , former president obama was seen wearing flip flops and a backwards baseball cap . so in just one week he’s gone from leader of the free world to the " cool " english teacher . 
it was announced that hillary clinton will deliver the commencement speech at wellesley college . the title of hillary’s speech will be " what’s the point of anything ? " 
scientists have discovered a long lost continent under the indian ocean . after hearing about it , half of americans asked , " when can we move there ? " 
today , a top football prospect for michigan state was unable to sign his letter of intent because he’s in jail . sounds like somebody’s ready for the nfl . 
beyoncé and jay - z announced they’re having twins . or as beyoncé calls that , " dropping 2 singles . " 
a new report just came out and it says if president trump deported every single illegal immigrant it would cost $ 114 billion . when he was told this , trump said , " what would it cost if we just deport the fatties ? " 
yesterday , donald trump’s doctor said that trump takes the hair - growth drug propecia . here’s the creepy part : not for his head . 
anybody else have " war with australia " in the office pool ? 
the most underappreciated job in the white house is the assistant who reminds mike pence to blink . 
a famous building in san francisco used for making porn is closing . man , if those walls could moan . 
sometimes i hear voices . usually when i hide in your front closet and wait a while . 
after yesterday’s closely fought super bowl , the patriots were congratulated by donald trump . and the falcons got a call from hillary saying , " welcome to my world , fellas . " 
according to a report , mark wahlberg left the super bowl during the third quarter because the patriots were losing . he didn’t leave alone , the falcons’ defense went with him . 
yesterday , shortly after the super bowl , a brand new dad named his baby after tom brady . the baby’s name is " lucky bastard jones . " 
magic johnson is returning to the lakers as an adviser . he said he will be advising the lakers to win . 
president trump has reportedly sworn off mcdonald’s and kfc . not only that , trump is trying to get chipotle deported . 
97 tech companies have filed a legal brief opposing donald trump’s travel ban . it took a week though , because all of their it guys were detained at the airport . 
drug dealers are now stamping individually wrapped heroin packets with donald trump ' s face . so finally , a trump - branded product that people actually want to buy . 
the news is currently that spinning image of a newspaper , but it never stops spinning . 
it’s come out that education secretary betsy devos , who many think is unqualified , gave big contributions to half the republican senators who voted for her . or as betsy devos calls it , " 75% of them . " 
at a closed door meeting , some republicans said they fear for their physical safety if they repeal obamacare . in other words , republicans are now in the awkward position of needing obamacare if they get rid of obamacare . 
president trump claimed that the media is not reporting on acts of terrorism on american soil . in response , the media said , " actually , we think we’re covering your presidency quite well . " 
vladimir putin is scheduled to play an exhibition hockey game against former professional hockey players . putin is scheduled to win by 12 goals . 
new research predicts that in 65 billion years , the moon will crash into the earth . after hearing this , half of america said , " hey can we move that up a bit ? how about wednesday ? " 
in new york city , a group of subway riders worked together to erase swastikas from a subway ad . in true new york fashion , they erased the symbol of hate from the ad then immediately drew a penis on it . 
america’s new daily routine : check news , change pants . 
a trump administration official said that whenever the media criticizes the president , they will call it " fake news . " and , whenever the media praises the president , they will call it " fox news . " 
last night , senator mitch mcconnell silenced senator elizabeth warren using an old senate rule . it’s the 1930s statute known as " no mouthy broads . " 
yesterday , donald trump repeated his false assertion that america’s murder rate is the highest it’s been in 47 years . then someone pointed out to trump that he was just binge watching " game of thrones . " 
today , president trump blasted nordstrom for dropping his daughter ivanka’s clothing line . in other news : us troops are now massed on the border of women’s sportswear and accessories . 
last night , cbs anchor scott pelley began the evening news by saying president trump is " divorced from reality . " after hearing this , trump said , " oh , great , now i have to start paying reality ? " 
in north carolina , a mother is suing a daycare center because one of the workers there breastfed her son without permission . authorities say she doesn’t really have a case because her son is 32 . 
on monday in vermont , a barrel of maple syrup fell off a truck and spilled all over the highway . luckily , it broad - sided a french toast truck . 
a recently - discovered letter by osama bin laden revealed that he thought it was okay for radical terrorists to masturbate in times of " extreme need . " trust me , that is one al - qaeda training video you do not want to see . 
a federal court has ruled against president trump’s travel ban , and at 3 : 35 trump tweeted in all caps " see you in court . " then again , trump tweets " see you in court " to someone every day at 3 : 35 . 
yesterday , without mentioning donald trump , pope francis urged everyone to build bridges , not walls . so today , without mentioning the pope , donald trump said " francis is a girl’s name . " 
a recent study found that the number of monarch butterflies migrating to mexico from the us has dropped by 27% . apparently the butterflies are afraid if they go from the us to mexico , they won’t be allowed back in . 
facebook has just added a new tool for finding help during disasters . unfortunately , then facebook shows you photos of your friends having a much better time during their disasters . 
for valentine’s day , some kfcs are letting you send a loved one a heart - shaped bucket of fried chicken . and even better , if you really hate someone , you can send them two buckets . 
nintendo is releasing a video game that lets you simulate taking care of a baby . when they heard this , gamers said , " hey , call me when you have one that simulates making one . " 
every time trump signs something , i think of how that pen he ' s using once dreamed of a better life : writing poetry , scratching butts , etc . 
steve bannon is " college educated jabba the hutt . " 
i can ' t imagine donald trump laughing . except maybe at a forest fire . 
remember when the president of the united states was smarter and more even - tempered than you ? 
adele won five grammys while beyoncé only won two . and if that weren’t enough , adele then announced she was pregnant with triplets . 
last night at the grammys , adele started a tribute to george michael but messed up and so she started over . she was on such a roll that she won the grammy for best mistake . 
on valentine’s day , the most popular search terms on pornhub are " love , " and " romance . " those searches result in the message , " what’s your problem ? this is pornhub . " 
at an international tennis match , us officials accidentally played the nazi national anthem . white house adviser steve bannon was outraged and said , " we’re not rolling that out ' til august - c ' mon ! " 
scott baio said he is furious with nordstrom for dropping ivanka trump’s clothing line . but mostly , baio’s mad at nordstrom for cutting his hours working in the stockroom . 
scientists are hoping to use quinoa to fight world hunger . after hearing this , hungry people all around the world said , " actually , we’re good . " 
the us army has officially lifted its ban on soldiers having dreadlocks . this is good news for the army’s elite hackysack corps . 
it is valentine’s day . and if you’re finding out right now , you’re either single or you’re about to be single . 
it’s valentine’s day . or as it’s known at cvs , " oh , shit " day . 
for valentine’s day , white castle has transformed into a sit - down restaurant with red tablecloths and champagne served in paper cups . it’s the perfect way to tell that special someone , " you’ll do for now . " 
today , a russian spy ship was spotted off the east coast of the united states . it was here to give former national security adviser michael flynn a ride back home . 
president trump’s national security adviser michael flynn has resigned after it was discovered he lied to mike pence . evidently , he told pence , " of course people like you . " 
in the wake of the flynn resignation , democrats are asking what president trump knew . this is historic - it’s the first time anyone’s ever accused donald trump of knowing too much . 
senate republicans are trying to pass legislation that would make it legal for mentally ill people to buy guns . republicans said " mentally ill people have a right to one gun for each of the voices in their head . " 
abc has cast its first african - american woman as the " bachelorette . " it’s all part of " the bachelorette’s " new motto , " chlamydia is colorblind . " 
at the box office this past weekend , lego batman beat out the sequel to fifty shades of grey . when asked for comment , the movie fifty shades said , " that’s okay , i like being dominated . " 
thieves in london made off with three million dollars - worth of rare books from the middle ages .   authorities describe the suspect as boring . 
astronomers say they now know the approximate weight of the milky way . they found this out by adding 10 pounds to the milky way’s weight on its tinder profile . 
in honor of black history month , trump tried to have dinner with jack black . 
my accountant just called to inform me i’m morally bankrupt . 
at last night’s oscars , a film producer who appeared in the " in memoriam " montage , turns out she’s alive . even worse , she’s scratching loudly at the roof of her coffin . 
last night , mahershala ali became the first muslim actor to win an oscar . or as the trump white house reported it , " muslim wields heavy blunt object . " 
this was the first year that amazon took home oscars . amazon won two oscars for manchester by the sea , and one for " a 4 - pack of norelco waterproof razor blades . " 
president trump announced that he will not be attending the white house correspondents dinner in april . trump said he’d like to go but he’s going to be busy not preparing his taxes . 
new research finds that people who have adhd literally have different brains . when told this , people with adhd said , " i like pancakes . " 
spain is trying to boost its national birthrate by appointing a national " sex tsar . " i’d like to lodge a complaint , because sex tsar is my username on tinder . 
today is mardi gras . just be warned – i may , at any moment , expose my breasts for beads . 
sunday night was the first time that amazon took home oscars , winning two for " manchester by the sea . " although the ceo said , " with amazon prime , we could have gotten those oscars last tuesday . " 
tonight , president trump is giving a primetime speech before congress . the speech will be on a 10 - second delay so trump can live - tweet about how great his speech is going . 
in an interview , donald trump said the experience of him being president is " surreal . " when they heard this , americans everywhere said " no shit . " 
it’s come out that 83 - year - old supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg’s daily workout routine includes pushups , planks , and squats . apparently she began seriously taking care of her health last november 9th . 
scientists have found a way to grow human tissue on apples . now the only thing left for them to discover is a reason to grow human tissue on apples . 
in georgia , a waitress donated a kidney to one of her regular customers who was sick . the customer said , " thanks but i ordered a liver . " 
antarctica reported its highest temperature in history at 64 degrees , and there was a blizzard warning in hawaii . and to top it off , last night , donald trump gave a speech and sounded reasonable . 
in his speech last night , president trump said , " we will respect historic institutions . " of course when trump says " historic institutions " he’s talking about women over 40 . 
in california , an experimental self - driving uber car drove through six red lights . in other words , it just passed its los angeles driving test . 
disney announced that it’s featuring its first openly - gay character in the upcoming live - action film " beauty and the beast . " which explains why they’re changing the title of the movie to " beauty and her longtime roommate janine . " 
in the uk , a group of scientists successfully taught bumblebees how to play soccer . and now , they’re trying to get american bumblebees to watch it . 
this weekend , london is hosting a penis conference . it’s expected to be a big turnout , but not as big as organizers claim . 
attorney general jeff sessions is in trouble because he was caught lying under oath about contacting the russians during the election . when asked if the allegations were true , sessions said " absolutely nyet . " 
despite the allegations , president trump said he has " total confidence " in jeff sessions . in other words , trump’s waiting until the weekend to fire him . 
the accountants at pricewaterhousecoopers who botched the oscars have received death threats . the fbi tried to investigate , but the accountants handed them the wrong hate mail . 
a new financial app from jp morgan can now do in seconds what it once took wall street financiers 360 , 000 hours to accomplish . that’s right , the app wrecks the global economy . 
one of the biggest viral sensations right now is a youtube livestream of a pregnant giraffe waiting to give birth . the cutest part is when she tells the father giraffe " you did this to me , now put down that goddamn camera . " 
scientists have created a mouse embryo using stem cells , raising the possibility that human life could be grown without male sperm . so just imagine : a strange futuristic world where most men’s sperm goes to waste . 
i just noticed amazon has reclassified george orwell’s " 1984 " under the category of lighthearted romps . 
historical fact : when galileo said the earth revolves around the sun , pope paul v said , " fake news . sad . " 
this weekend , president trump tweeted that president obama tapped his phones at trump tower . trump said it was particularly upsetting because he’s a private man who likes to keep his thoughts to himself . 
on saturday , pro - trump rallies around the country were attended by hundreds . or as trump put it , " trillions . " 
today , donald trump issued a new travel ban that is less restrictive than his first one . this one bans some muslims and all women who haven ' t been able to lose the baby weight . 
it’s come out that trump administration press secretary sean spicer was the white house easter bunny in the early 2000s . or as spicer calls it " back when i had some dignity . " 
russian officials said they may ban the new " beauty and the beast " movie because of its gay character . then vladimir putin had to excuse himself for a shirtless photo shoot atop a stallion . 
the tsa announced it’s going to start using “more intimate contact " for its screenings . you’ll still be allowed to bring up to three ounces of liquid , but it has to be a lubricant . 
samsung has announced that the release of the new galaxy 8 will be delayed . a spokesman at samsung said they’re delaying the release to coincide with burning man . 
according to a new study , people who have sex the night before are more productive at work the following day . well that’s all the comedy i have , goodnight everybody ! 
tomorrow , there’s a protest across the country known as " a day without women . " in fairness , i celebrated " a day without women " all through my 20’s . 
today , president trump welcomed the first group of new visitors to the white house since he became president . it was a little awkward , because one of them was melania . 
at the white house today , president trump gave advice to a group of schoolchildren and he told them to " work hard . " trump also told them , " if your dad offers you a million dollars , say ' yes . ' " 
sean spicer announced that the prime minister of iraq will visit the white house in two weeks . actually he arrived today , but he’s going to be detained for two weeks at the airport . 
this week , wisconsin is hosting the us cheese championship . once again , the winner is expected to be " heart disease . " 
at a paris fashion week show , chanel kicked off its event by launching a rocket into the air . long story short , chanel is now at war with north korea . 
according to a new report that just came out , the us has been ranked as # 7 in the list of best places to live . as always , # 1 is still funkytown . 
today , for international women ' s day , women across the country protested by refusing to work . in fact earlier today siri told me , " look it up yourself , asshole ! " 
in honor of international women’s day , snapchat added famous women to their selfie lenses . snapchat called it " the perfect way to honor the enduring contributions of women for 10 seconds . " 
according to a recent poll , first lady melania trump’s approval rating has increased to 52% since president trump’s inauguration . and her " feel sorry for her " rating is over 90% . 
at the white house yesterday , president trump popped out from behind a screen and surprised a group of children . it was officially the least frightening thing trump has done since he took office . 
a new study just came out and reveals americans are getting fatter and giving up on their diets . the study was conducted by going to a water park for five minutes . 
researchers have developed a new " smart tattoo " that can monitor your health . and there’s also a " smart tramp stamp " that will tell you you’ve got chlamydia . 
in mississippi , a child disrupted a news station’s live weather report and the kid forecasted " farts everywhere . " so congratulations to trump’s new head of the national weather service . 
hawaii is suing president trump over his latest travel ban . in response , president trump is suing hawaii for " being hard to spell . " 
disney has announced that its upcoming live - action " aladdin " movie is going to feature middle eastern actors . filming will begin in may , or whenever the actors are no longer detained at the airport . 
new research says that neanderthals used to relieve pain by chewing on a plant containing the main ingredient in aspirin . or as that’s now being called , " the republican healthcare plan . " 
for the second time , radioshack has filed for bankruptcy . experts say if radioshack goes bankrupt one more time , it can officially run for president . 
many years after dropping out of harvard , facebook founder mark zuckerberg is going back to get an honorary degree . zuckerberg said he would have gone back sooner , but even he can’t afford college these days . 
in italy , there are now allegations of orgies , prostitution , and porn involving catholic priests . wow , i need to start going to church again . 
the syrian bread i ordered was detained at the airport . 
beautiful day - just saw trump’s policy advisor stephen miller sunning himself on a rock , eating a cricket . 
i just got a ticket for driving while wearing vr goggles , yet the cop couldn ' t suggest any other way for me to feel like i ' m riding a dragon . 
if there was a gym in my house . i would definitely pay $ 80 a month to not go to it . 
movie idea : " the shining " but the hotel is on a tropical island and there is free wifi and drink deals if you have a wristband . 
when is international men - frequently - mistaken - for - women day ? 
this weekend , we all moved our clocks ahead by one hour . in other words , that’s our show , goodnight everybody ! 
white house adviser kellyanne conway suggested that president obama could have spied on donald trump through a microwave oven . which is why today the trump administration brought in six hot pockets for questioning . 
president trump says he’s planning to travel less to other countries than previous presidents . the idea was first suggested to him by other countries . 
this week , president trump will meet with a saudi prince . the man born into immense wealth with multiple wives and an exotic head covering says he can’t wait to meet the saudi prince . 
everyone’s ok , but over the weekend off the coast of florida , a carnival cruise ship almost hit two jet skiers . today , the captain of the ship apologized and said , " i’ll get them next time . " 
a study reveals 40% of women have trouble achieving orgasm . now i’m no scientist , but based on my research , that percentage is a lot higher . 
yesterday was japan’s annual penis festival . israel also had its penis festival , but they had to cut it short . 
the entire northeast is being hit by winter storm stella , the first blizzard of 2017 . of course now that obamacare is getting repealed , it’s nice to see something still covering half the country . 
vladimir putin is reportedly frustrated by the lack of progress in us - russian diplomacy since president trump took office . in fact , putin’s so frustrated , today he called trump and threatened to fire him . 
press secretary sean spicer now says that president trump " didn’t literally mean " that president obama wiretapped him . he also said donald trump didn’t " literally mean " for people to vote for him . 
today , president trump had lunch with a saudi prince . trump told the saudi prince , " we have a lot in common - my wife doesn’t leave the house either . " 
white house strategist steve bannon is under criminal investigation for voter fraud . reportedly he voted last year in florida , while still technically a resident of 1930s germany . 
an ohio couple has been arrested for faking their own murder . people grew suspicious when the couple changed their facebook status to , " we’ve been murdered . " 
new research finds that consuming potatoes and alcohol can lower your sperm count . so fellas , this st . patrick’s day could be our last . 
last night was the season finale of abc’s " the bachelor . " and tonight is the season premiere of " the bachelor " spinoff , " herpes in paradise . " 
last night , president trump’s tax return from 2005 was released , showing that he had an income of more than $ 150 million . when they heard this , trump supporters said , " $ 150 million ? see , he is one of us ! " 
last night , president trump’s tax return from 2005 was released , showing that he paid $ 38 million in taxes . trump would have paid more but he listed vladimir putin as a dependent . 
rachel maddow’s much - hyped release of donald trump’s 2005 tax returns last night was considered by many to be a letdown . no one’s been this disappointed by rachel maddow since the guy who took her to the prom . 
defense secretary james " mad dog " mattis said climate change is real and threatening global stability . he then asked that his nickname be changed to " reasonable dog . " 
el chapo’s lawyers say that while in us custody , his health is deteriorating . el chapo has lost so much weight , he’s down two tunnel sizes . 
scientists believe they may have found a plant that is over a billion years old . turns out it’s the lettuce on a carl’s jr . burger . 
a new survey found that there are three kinds of people who watch porn . the three types are " frequent porn users , " " infrequent porn users , " and " liars . " 
on this st . patrick’s day , i can’t help but reflect on all the leprechauns detained at the airport . 
i should have predicted this would happen - my kids saw " kong : skull island " and now they want their own pet hiddleston . 
every ides of march , i order a caesar salad and stab it repeatedly with a knife . 
sean spicer reminds me of the kid who would stuff a whole pack of bubble yum into his mouth just so he wouldn’t have to share it . 
weird moment during german chancellor merkel’s white house visit when steve bannon sat at her feet and begged for stories about " the good old days . " 
i’m excited for today’s l . a . marathon , where people try to drive 26 . 2 miles in under four hours . 
over the last week , the white house has had three security scares . the secret service said two people tried to break in , and one first lady tried to break out . 
it’s come out that president trump said he wants the border wall to be very tall and very attractive . he also wants to replace the wall after 10 years of marriage . 
it has come out that , just like president trump , even george washington used to complain about leaks . there was that time washington said of paul revere , " fake horseman dead wrong about british arrival . sad ! " 
yesterday was the la marathon . actually there wasn’t supposed to be a marathon - people on the 405 freeway just gave up and got out of their cars . 
a hospital in britain will be the first permitted to create babies with three biological parents . it’s being called the weirdest experiment in british genetics since the entire royal family . 
woody harrelson revealed that he has stopped smoking marijuana . when asked why , harrelson said , " i don’t remember . " 
arby’s has just come out with a venison sandwich . the venison sandwich is only available in arby’s locations that are near the highway . 
today is the 11th birthday of twitter . that’s right folks , 11 years ago , donald trump was just writing crazy things on post - it notes . 
today president trump gave nasa $ 19 . 5 billion to develop a manned mission to mars . president trump said he wants to see if mars can sustain life and a casino . 
it’s being reported that donald trump campaign adviser roger stone has a tattoo of richard nixon across his shoulders . and get this… ladies , he’s single . 
amazon has introduced a new feature that scans what you’re wearing and gives you clothing advice . the feature is called trevor , and it’s alexa’s bitchy gay brother . 
a robot has been taught how to write rap songs by being fed more than 6 , 000 kanye west lyrics . the problem is , now the robot thinks it’s god . 
at this point , it appears the republican health care plan is going to die on the floor of the house . coincidentally , dying on the floor of the house happens to be the republican health care plan . 
in may , president trump is going to give the commencement address at a christian university . trump’s speech will be entitled , " if jesus is so great why does he have a mexican name ? " 
today , supreme court nominee neil gorsuch was grilled about his stance on torture . and after just five minutes of questioning , gorsuch broke down and told them everything . 
according to a new poll , muslims are the religious group most satisfied with life in america . when asked why , muslims said , " that travel ban totally kept our in - laws from visiting . " 
amazon prime has made it possible to have beer and wine delivered to your home by alexa . all you have to do is say the phrase , " alexa , daddy’s sad . " 
there is a new trend across the country of penis rings . no , not jewelry , gangs of penises that get together to commit crimes . 
i can’t believe peace talks fell through between the communist leaders of north korea and the former head of exxon . 
the key to looking young is getting the " right work " done . just a subtle tweak now and then . do you like my new hawk wings ? 
giraffes are gentle creatures who do not kill , except when asked one too many times , " how ' s the weather up there ? " 
if i could only pick one desert island record , i’d choose whichever album is most canoe - shaped . 
political analysts say that , after their embarrassing loss on health care , the white house is desperately looking for a win . which is why this week , they’re playing the lakers . 
joe biden is now saying he regrets not running for president . and after last week , donald trump said he also regrets that joe biden didn’t run for president . 
it’s come out that president trump has spent nearly one third of his presidency in a trump - branded property . and folks , that’s not even counting his wife melania . 
this weekend , donald trump met with the congressional black caucus . because you know what they say , once you go black caucus you never go back caucus . 
officials in colombia are angry at rapper wiz khalifa for smoking marijuana at the tomb of pablo escobar . colombian officials said , " marijuana has no place at this sacred monument to cocaine . " 
in india , poppy farmers are complaining that opium - addicted parrots are destroying their farms . even worse , the parrots won’t stop saying " polly wants to blast off ! " 
after causing a huge controversy , united airlines now says it will allow any paying passenger to wear leggings . so good news , my dad can fly out for easter after all . 
president trump has turned down a chance to throw out the first pitch on opening day for the washington nationals . however , trump said he’ll reconsider if he can also throw out all the players from other countries . 
ivanka trump revealed that she is planning to take a coding class this summer with her five - year - old daughter . then , this fall , the 5 - year - old will begin working at the white house . 
behavioral scientists report that the human brain is hard - wired to gossip . those same scientists also reported that shelley is like , such a bitch . 
apple is reportedly considering a device to put in women’s bodies that tracks their menstrual cycles . it’s part of apple’s new slogan , " think creepy . " 
there’s a new trend of rehab clinics helping people get off meth by letting them smoke pot . in other words , they’re taking people from florida and turning them into people from colorado . 
president trump turned down a chance to throw out the opening day pitch for the washington nationals . for some reason , trump doesn’t want to be surrounded by a bunch of large hispanic men holding baseball bats . 
in new york , donald trump’s childhood home has been sold for over $ 2 million . the buyer was told , " imagine owning the very room where trump’s daddy never hugged him . " 
it’s come out that several of donald trump’s businesses have ties to the russian mafia . so , if you’re keeping track , we’re officially up to season 3 of " the sopranos . " 
yesterday , the house of representatives voted to get rid of internet privacy rules . members cast their vote , then immediately ran home to delete their browser histories . 
uber has released a report highlighting the diversity of its workers . according to uber’s diversity report , some of its drivers are in bands while others are in improv troupes . 
chicago bears quarterback jay cutler’s wife posted a nude photo of him on instagram . yeah , the last thing bears fans need to see is another jay cutler sack . 
scientists have proven that you can grow potatoes on mars . when they heard this , half of america said , " wait , a planet with no trump and french fries ? when do we go ? " 
it’s come out that russia may have tried to undermine the presidential campaign of marco rubio . in other words , russia stepped back and did nothing . 
vladimir putin denied meddling in our presidential election . not helping was that putin made the statement from behind the desk in the oval office . 
president trump’s daughter ivanka is going to have her own office in the white house . so finally , we’ve got a woman named trump who actually wants to be in the white house . 
dictionary . com has added 300 new words including " smackdown , " " throw shade , " " sext , " and " bitchface . " this announcement was made by dictionary . com’s ceo , a 15 - year - old girl named ashley . 
mcdonald’s announced that beginning next year , they will start using fresh beef in their quarter pounders . then they said , " as for this year , good luck . " 
we live in a representative democracy where elected officials are accountable to the people . april fools ! 
if you say the word " lozenge " 50 times out loud , it starts sounding really weird . also , your family leaves the dining table . 
most of the water cooler talk at my office is millennials standing around the water cooler , saying what is this thing ? 
one of uber’s self - driving cars crashed in arizona . evidently , the car couldn’t stand to hear one more passenger say , " but it’s a dry heat . " 
congress voted to allow your internet provider to sell your browser history . long story short , goodbye sweet internet . 
this is the ideal time in the season to either plant tomatoes or enter into a land war with russia , i forget which . 
it would not surprise me at all if someone had footage of devin nunes with his head stuck inside a beehive . 
we live in a representative democracy where elected officials are accountable to the people . april fools ! 
whenever i think milk might have gone bad , i ask sean spicer to smell it . if he says it smells fine , i know to throw it out . 
i’m not worried about the stock market , because all my wealth is in individually wrapped bologna slices . 
i may not be the strongest person at the gym , but i defy you to find someone in this curves with a better attitude . 
just think , pretty soon we ' ll have self - driving cars to masturbate in . 
in indiana , a 94 - year - old woman has worked at mcdonald’s for the past 44 years . and she’s almost finished paying off her student loans . 
sometimes i think the bulk packages at costco are too large . who needs 12 condoms ? ! 
mike " the situation " sorrentino from " jersey shore " is facing up to 15 years in prison on tax evasion charges . so basically , if you’re a reality star in this country and you don’t pay your taxes , we either put you in prison or make you president of the united states . 
fox news said it will investigate multiple accusations against bill o ' reilly for sexually harassing female co - workers . apparently , for years o’reilly has been telling female co - workers their breasts are " fair and balanced . " 
russia has banned any images of vladimir putin photoshopped to make it look like he ' s in drag . authorities in russia said , " ' putin shirtless on a horse ' is plenty gay enough . " 
a turkish airline crew helped deliver a baby onboard a flight . and then in keeping with the times , the baby was dragged from the plane by security . 
former nfl player titus young was sentenced to four years in prison . young said he’s sad to go to prison but happy to be reunited with his old teammates . 
there’s a new a campaign to create the world’s first vagina museum . the vagina museum will be the first museum where you enter through the gift shop . 
a package of salad mix that was sold in a florida walmart was found to contain a dead bat . this is shocking news - someone shopping at walmart bought a salad . 
this week , jewish people all over the world are celebrating passover . or as i call it , the festival of missing writers . 
today is the beginning of the jewish holiday of passover , where families gather for a meal and recall a story of ancient grievances . or as that’s known in my family , " thanksgiving . " 
secretary of state rex tillerson is in russia , but russian president vladimir putin won’t meet with him . putin said , " sorry but i only meet with members of the trump administration before the election . " 
someone has come out with a new smart bra that vibrates to tell women about posture and breathing . it also sounds an alarm if bill o’reilly walks in the room . 
because of the scandals , " the o ' reilly factor " has lost 2 / 3 of its advertisers in one week . on the bright side , united airlines is still with him ! 
this weekend , bill clinton tweeted that he was in houston visiting former president george h . w . bush . however , he ended the tweet with # alibi . 
astronomers announced that they have found a second red spot on jupiter . they believe the new spot is a result of hooking up with neptune . 
white house press secretary sean spicer has apologized for his hitler comments and admitted he " screwed up . " i don’t think spicer learned his lesson though , because he then said , " even hitler didn’t screw up as badly as i did . " 
after being accused of sexual harassment by five women , bill o’reilly announced he is taking a vacation . and if there’s any justice in the world he’ll be flying united . 
because of the sexual allegations against him , it’s rumored that bill o’reilly’s show may be going off the air . for continuity’s sake , fox will replace it with reruns of " the cosby show . " 
this weekend is easter , where christians celebrate the return of jesus . unfortunately , this year jesus can’t return because he’s middle eastern and been detained at the airport . 
they’re having trouble organizing easter at the white house this year . instead of an a - list musician , there will be a military band . and instead of eggs , there’s going to be golf balls and instead of children there will be old white guys . 
a new article says that donald trump has changed the definition of the word " conservative . " it used to mean " traditional " and " right leaning " - now it means " batshit crazy . " 
this is strange , but cases of syphilis in maine are skyrocketing . state officials are blaming poor hygiene and slutty lobsters . 
on monday , the easter bunny will make his highly - anticipated annual visit to the white house . and get this - so will melania ! 
after being accused of sexually harassing five women , bill o’reilly is going on a vacation to europe . o’reilly said he’s looking forward to hearing the phrase " you’re creeping me out " in seven different languages . 
united airlines announced it will no longer use police to remove people from flights . they ' ll also stop using pepper spray on passengers who ask for a second bag of peanuts . 
after receiving death threats , the head of the epa scott pruitt requested a fleet of round - the - clock bodyguards . pruitt said , " if i ' m going to die , i want it to be from good old - fashioned unregulated coal emissions . " 
a study found that babies as young as six months old can be racist . or as steve bannon calls them , " prodigies . " 
i wish president trump would stop calling " good friday " " tremendous friday , the greatest friday you’ve ever seen . " 
the most exciting part of easter egg hunts at my house is when suddenly the hunted become the hunters . 
does it make me seem more badass if i drink this sleepytime herbal tea out of a human skull ? 
at today’s easter egg roll , white house press secretary sean spicer read a book to children . afterwards , all the kids had the same question , " who’s hitler ? " 
today at the white house easter festivities , melania trump kicked things off by blowing a whistle . then again , most women standing near donald trump end up having to blow a whistle . 
it’s come out that a navy seal has been moonlighting for seven years as a porn star . even more surprising : it turns out that the guy who killed osama bin laden was ron jeremy . 
according to a new survey that just came out , 44% of people would rather take a longer flight that costs more than fly united airlines . when they heard this , american airlines said " done and done . " 
scientists are now claiming that every hour spent running increases your lifespan by seven hours . in other words , a majority of americans died three years ago . 
scientists have begun testing the possibility of using sperm to deliver life - saving drugs to specific parts of the female body . but first , they’re going to have guys test this out as a pick up line . 
a couple from florida has set a record by taking their 200th carnival cruise . the couple said " what can we say , we love diarrhea . " 
this summer , camp counselors all over the country will shine flashlights under their chins and read the headlines . 
today is tax day . it’s the day that all americans but one release their tax records . 
president trump has begun hiring more people from president george w . bush’s administration . in fact , trump specifically asked for " the iraq guy and the katrina guy . " 
several days ago , president trump said an aircraft carrier was heading toward north korea , it’s an american aircraft carrier , but it turns out it’s actually been sailing in the opposite direction . this is the aircraft carrier , the uss metaphor . 
a republican lawmaker who was criticized about his vote against internet privacy said , " nobody’s got to use the internet . " then someone told him that’s where porn was , and he said , " i’ve been a fool . " 
in new york , a southwest airlines pilot was arrested for having a loaded gun hidden in his carry - on bag . the pilot was fired from southwest and immediately hired by united . 
researchers are using the video game " grand theft auto " to teach self - driving cars how to drive . in a related story , two google cars were just arrested for beating up a hooker . 
a radio station in austin is holding a contest called " kiss a kia " that has 20 people standing around kissing a kia , the last person standing wins the car . let’s hope this goes better than last year’s contest , " hump a hyundai . " 
fox news fired bill o’reilly . the head of fox news said , " there’s only one place for an angry old guy that demeans women and that’s the white house . " 
bill o ' reilly has been fired from fox news after being accused of sexually harassing up to 12 women . apparently o ' reilly violated fox news’s strict 11 woman limit . 
bill o’reilly is vacationing in italy , and yesterday he was spotted at the vatican , shaking hands with pope francis . man , o’reilly really will hit on anything in a dress . 
a new report says the us border wall could cost three times as much as previously estimated . however , trump says he’ll keep costs down with his secret business trick called , " not paying for stuff . " 
a recent security purge by facebook has unintentionally gotten rid of millions of " likes . ” just think . . . all those wasted hours , wasted . 
an archaeologist is claiming he’s discovered an amazing lost city in kansas . then he realized he just got drunk and watched the wizard of oz . 
it’s been revealed that there’s a man in canada who has 27 wives . he said " the hardest part is waiting for all 27 to go to bed so i can watch porn . " 
according to a new study , frequent sex improves your memory . in a related story , where am i and who are you people ? 
today is 4 / 20 . 4 / 20 is that special day of the year when everyone who smokes pot continues to smoke pot . 
last night , donald trump hosted a dinner at the white house that was attended by sarah palin , ted nugent , and kid rock . the dinner was interrupted when an episode of " cops " broke out . 
sarah palin visited the white house last night along with ted nugent and kid rock . all three expressed their regrets that honey boo boo couldn ' t make it . 
after allegedly sexually harassing his fellow employees , bill o’reilly is leaving fox news with a severance worth 25 million dollars . so with that in mind , i’d just like to say to andy , " nice rack . " 
today , north korean leader kim jong - un warned that he might unleash a “super mighty preemptive strike . ” when she heard , mrs . kim jong - un rolled her eyes and said , " trust me , i wouldn’t worry about it . " 
scientists have developed a new kind of robot that is able to shoot a gun . in fact , earlier today , i was carjacked by my roomba . 
major league baseball is planning to have a " game of thrones " theme night at stadiums across the country . instead of bobbleheads , fans will receive actual severed heads . 
a man is suing grindr because over 1 , 000 men showed up at his place of business demanding sex . though in fairness , the man does work at " al’s house of crullers and anonymous gay sex . " 
trump’s biggest accomplishment in his first 100 days has been making it seem like much longer . 
i demand a 5 - hour energy drink where i choose when and how much energy to dole out , over the course of a century . 
saturday marks president trump’s first 100 days . political analysts say that we are still in president trump’s " honeymoon " phase . which may account for that feeling that we’re being repeatedly screwed . 
today , president trump held separate phone conversations with the president of china and the prime minister of japan . trump was shocked to learn that those are two different people . 
this thursday , president trump will be having dinner with the members of the supreme court . however , mike pence cannot attend because his wife won’t let him dine with that temptress ruth bader ginsburg . 
bill o’reilly may be gone from television but he is launching a subscription podcast . that’s right - for just $ 4 . 95 a month , you get to listen to o ' reilly’s trademark commentary with the added bonus of wondering if he’s masturbating . 
today , astronaut peggy whitson set a record for the longest time spent in space by an american astronaut , and got a congratulatory call from president trump . trump asked what motivated her to stay in space so long , whitson answered , " you . " 
american airlines is under fire after one of its flight attendants allegedly yanked a stroller away from a mother with a baby . passengers were outraged that the attendant took the stroller and not the baby . 
over the weekend , musician kenny g was on a delta flight and gave a brief performance . passengers are describing the performance as " not brief enough . " 
let ' s settle this the old - fashioned way : kim jong un and donald trump at dawn in new jersey . 
in germany , ivanka trump told a crowd that her father is a " champion of supporting families " and she got booed . ivanka said she was surprised , she has always been told to open with a joke . 
ivanka trump was booed in germany .   apparently she told the people of berlin , " why would you get rid of a perfectly good wall ? " 
top republicans are now saying that trump’s border wall doesn’t mean an actual wall , but a metaphor . which makes sense , because   during the campaign   all those   trump supporters were   shouting " build the metaphor , build the metaphor ! ” 
the us state department has hired a female anchor from fox news . however , the   state department described it as " more of a   rescue mission . " 
saudi arabia has been named to the united nations ' commission on women ' s rights .   in a related story , ireland has been named to the un commission on sobriety and tanning . 
a company in japan has created a device to help parents shut down their child’s smartphone if they use it too much . it’s meant for children ages 6 to 12 or the president of the united states . 
el chapo has been complaining about conditions in his manhattan jail cell . apparently , because it’s manhattan , el chapo is being charged a 12 dollar toll every time he uses his own tunnel . 
a nature preserve in kenya has set up a tinder account to find a mate for its male white rhino .   then , today , the rhino revealed it would prefer to be on grindr . 
today president trump tweeted , " happy birthday to our first lady , melania ! " and this is historic - it’s the first time trump has said something nice to an immigrant . 
president trump is considering opening federal park land to developers . in fact , builders have already broken ground on a bed , bath & grand canyon . 
a new study says that the first humans to arrive in what is now north america may have been neanderthals . apparently they came here to vote in the 2016 election . 
there’s a new device being sold by amazon that helps users choose what clothes to wear . when you buy the device , amazon says , " customers who liked this may also like ' a gay best friend . ' " 
la is one of the two finalists to host the 2024 olympics . so if you want to attend one of the events in la , you should get on the freeway now . 
in philadelphia , police are looking for a man who robbed a dunkin ' donuts , and was caught on a surveillance camera doing some stretches in the parking lot just beforehand . police are on the lookout for the only health conscious person to ever enter a dunkin ' donuts . 
it’s springtime in la , which means i’m still wearing my ugg boots , but with short shorts . 
crazy idea , but what if donald , vlad , kim jong and xi just like , i don’t know , got a weekend beach house & talked it out . dennis rodman too . 
actively ignoring the guy in the stall next to mine who keeps asking if i want to " see baby groot . " 
the year is 2052 , president cooterpie has declared war on that island of plastic garbage in the pacific , and the stones are still touring . 
took my family to the renaissance fair on saturday ; today we are all laid up with melancholy humours . 
over the weekend , president trump invited brutal filipino dictator rodrigo duterte to visit the white house . it’s the first time trump has ever said the words , " rodrigo , please come to america . " 
president trump said he would be honored to meet north korean dictator kim jong - un . trump said , " he’s my kind of guy - he’s crazy , he’s overweight , and he has a ridiculous haircut . " 
in another interview , president trump said he thinks the civil war could have been prevented . after hearing this , john mccain said , " trust me , i did everything i could . " 
it was announced today that kelly ripa’s new co - host will be ryan seacrest . seacrest was relieved and he said those 20 minutes he wasn’t on television were the scariest of his life . 
the creators of fyre festival , a luxury music festival that left attendees on an island without adequate food , water , shelter , or medical care , are all being sued for $ 100 million . if you want to attend the trial , tickets start at $ 5 , 000 . 
a vermont candy maker is hiding three golden tickets in its chocolate bars , and whoever finds them is going to win free parking . this is of course inspired by that classic children’s story , " charlie and the municipal parking ordinance . " 
as you may have heard , all of the television writers including ours , might go on strike at midnight tonight . so there’s a chance tomorrow my writers will spend all day dressed like slobs and downloading porn - and that’s if there’s not a strike . 
all the tv writers in hollywood have reached a deal with the studios , which means there will not be a writers ' strike . in fact , my writers plan to get back to work about three jokes from now . 
analysts are saying that donald trump has not read his new healthcare plan and he has actually spent no time getting familiar with it . their first hint was when he called it " melania . " 
today , there was a call between russian president vladimir putin and president trump . the call was all part of putin’s annual employee review . 
house republicans are again trying to repeal and replace obamacare , even though they don’t have the votes . house republicans defended themselves and said , " please , it’s a soothing ritual that comforts us . " 
while discussing healthcare , a republican congressman from alabama said that people who lead good lives don’t get sick . seconds later , he dropped dead . 
german chancellor angela merkel says she is confident that fake news will not harm her chances in germany’s election . in fact , merkel is so confident she’s going to win , she’s not even going to campaign in wisconsin . 
as part of a limited campaign , mcdonald’s is offering forks made from french fries . not to be outdone , long john silvers began offering seafood made from fish . 
ivanka trump has a new book of business advice for women . tip number one is " be your rich dad ' s favorite daughter . " 
nissan is developing technology that blocks cell phone signals so people won’t be distracted by their smartphones . first nissan will put the technology in their cars , then they ' ll put it in the oval office . 
there’s a rumor that facebook founder mark zuckerberg is planning to run for president . he must really want to win , because today zuckerberg sent vladimir putin a friend request . 
today , fbi director james comey said the thought that he helped donald trump get elected president makes him " mildly nauseous . " comey then excused himself to attend a meeting of underreacters anonymous . 
a company has come out with a robot that makes salad . so finally - a robot that’s not going to take away any american jobs ! 
in new york , a cocaine trafficking ring was busted after they were caught pretending to be uber drivers . police called uber the perfect cover for cokeheads , because most uber drivers also never stop talking . 
yesterday in florida , a drunk and naked man wielding a machete went on a rampage attacking mailboxes . local police put out an apb for " literally any guy in florida " 
american airlines announced it’s going to reduce legroom in coach by two inches . the last time i heard someone complain about two inches on american airlines , i was trying to join the mile high club . 
later this month , donald trump is going to make his first foreign trip as president . that’s right , he’s visiting a library . 
later this month , president trump will visit israel , saudi arabia , and the vatican . trump said , " i look forward to insulting three religions in one trip . 
it has been announced that 95 - year - old prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth , is going to retire from his royal duties this fall . then the queen said , " well , not all his royal duties , if you know what i mean… " 
facebook is hiring 3 , 000 new people to scan its website all day , looking for offensive or obscene content . mark zuckerberg , if you’re watching , andy has been training for this job his entire life . 
in new mexico , a high school science teacher was arrested for making meth . he faces 25 years in prison and up to 12 emmy awards . 
a new study just came out that suggests giving toddlers under the age of two a smartphone to play with may stunt their development . in response , tired parents everywhere said , " shut the f * * * up . " 
we could end all crime if we just sentenced convicts to lick the bottom of a chuck e . cheese ball pit . 
do you think henry the viii and anne boleyn liked their celebrity couple name , " anery the viiieyn ? " 
turns out you can just * buy * a rodeo champion belt buckle . 
at starbucks this morning , everyone is on their laptops drafting a healthcare bill . 
i blame the wright brothers for inventing a machine that practically begs you to kick a family off it then later settle out of court . 
in france this weekend , far - right - wing candidate marine le pen lost the presidential election by millions of votes . and here’s the cool part , in france , if you lose by millions of votes that means you don’t get to be president . 
in colorado , a high school teacher has been put on leave after her class smashed a president trump piñata . when he heard this , trump was especially furious that he had been made into something that brings joy to mexicans . 
a new biography of president obama is coming out and it claims that before michelle , he had a fiancée whose parents didn’t think much of obama’s job prospects . actually , i think they had a point , because now obama’s a 55 - year - old unemployed man . 
former president bill clinton is collaborating on a novel about a us president who goes missing . clinton is describing the novel as " part fiction , part alibi . " 
north korea reported that there was a us - sponsored plot launched against kim jong - un . apparently two cia agents tried to sneak up on kim and give him a man’s haircut . 
in mexico , the world’s heaviest man , who weighs almost 1 , 000 pounds , is preparing for surgery . the man said , " after years of being unhappy with my appearance , i’m finally getting that nose job . " 
in florida , a 10 - year - old girl pried herself from the jaws of an eight - foot alligator . then the little girl remembered she lives in florida , and climbed back in . 
emma watson has won mtv’s first ever gender - neutral acting award . that’s right , she won the coveted " conan . " 
a few hours ago , president trump fired fbi director james comey . apparently trump still hasn’t forgiven comey for making him president . 
today , former president obama said , " you get the politicians you deserve . " when the bartender tried to cut him off , obama said , " i’m fiiiine ! " 
in her testimony , sally yates said she warned white house officials about mike flynn being compromised by the russians . yates also tried to warn mike pence , but every time she entered the room he yelled , " out , temptress ! " 
yesterday , kim jong - un hurled a series of insults at barack obama and hillary clinton . in a related story , fox news has finally found its replacement for bill o’reilly . 
this week , a toyota land cruiser set the record as the world ' s fastest suv after reaching 230 mph . apparently , somebody was really late to their kid’s soccer game . 
yesterday , a brawl broke out at a florida airport after spirit airlines cancelled several flights . to restore control , airport police were forced to fire cinnabons into the crowd . 
a senator made history this week by breastfeeding in the senate chamber . the bad news is , it was mitch mcconnell . 
yesterday , fbi director james comey got a letter from president trump informing him that his services were no longer needed . after hearing this , melania trump said , " i would kill for one of those letters . " 
today , president trump promised to bring back " the spirit and prestige of the fbi . " trump said , " when i ' m arrested , i want to be arrested by the very best . " 
today , russian president vladimir putin said he had nothing to do with the firing of fbi director james comey . putin said , " how could i ? he’s still alive , isn’t he ? " 
it ' s come out that in the days before the comey firing , donald trump would often scream at cable tv . he would usually yell , " you ' re not the cake boss - i ' m the cake boss ! " 
analysts are saying that last night ' s events could be " the beginning of the end for donald trump . " oh wait , i ' m sorry , this joke is from a monologue i did last year . 
after news of the comey firing broke last night , press secretary sean spicer avoided reporters by hiding behind a bush outside the white house . today , bill clinton said , " oh yeah , i remember that bush . " 
hooters is offering a free mother’s day meal . if you want to bring your mother into a hooters restaurant , just make a reservation under the name " freud . " 
whenever i want a little peace and quiet , i just fill a studio with 200 people and go out and do a monologue . 
overheard in 2026 : " i know of this one man , he’s so rich , he went to a doctor . " 
maybe it’s me , but mike pence has that look you get when you realize the gnat is too far down your throat to spit out . 
a life - size statue of ronald mcdonald was stolen from a mcdonald ' s in new jersey . police are on the lookout for someone very sad . 
" can you believe the latest trump thing ? " has become the new " ' sup . " 
the biggest surprise in the upcoming " han solo " prequel is that he was born henry solowitz in parsippany , nj . 
i would try soy hot dogs , but i’m afraid they’re full of soy lips and snouts . 
after air force one landed in israel , donald trump reached for melania’s hand and she slapped it away . so we’ve been wrong all this time - they apparently do have a normal marriage . 
donald trump reached for melania’s hand and she batted it away . it’s the first time a first lady has smacked a president since every day of bill clinton’s administration . 
in both israel and saudi arabia , many us journalists are being barred from trump press events because they’re women . as opposed to here in the us , where they’re barred from trump press events because they’re journalists . 
a company has released a gps with president trump’s voice as a navigator . it doesn’t guide you anywhere , it just keeps reminding you that it won the electoral college . 
hillary clinton adviser huma abedin is divorcing her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner . that’s right ladies , he’s single . 
last night the ringling bros . circus gave its final performance . children everywhere were stunned and said , " what’s a circus ? " 
this week , a man wearing a " make america great again " hat caused a disruption and was removed from an international flight . it’s the first time a sitting president has been kicked off air force one . 
it’s come out that president trump asked two intelligence chiefs to push back against the russia probe . trump also asked them to make melania hold his freakin ' hand . 
there’s another viral video of melania trump rejecting president trump’s attempt to hold her hand . now even israelis and palestinians are saying " geez , work it out , you two . " 
donald trump’s budget director said people need to stop taking government money and get a job . he then loudly cleared his throat while glaring at ivanka trump . 
scientists have been able to create baby mice from freeze - dried mouse sperm that was kept on the international space station . when asked about it , the astronauts said , " wait a minute , so that wasn ' t ice cream ? ? ? " 
it’s been reported that o . j . simpson could be released from prison this year . when he heard this , donald trump said , " finally someone to play golf with . " 
in south africa , a black man received a penis transplant from a donor who was white . friends describe the man as " grateful " and the man ' s girlfriend as " disappointed . " 
a new study found that public pools contain much more diarrhea than previously thought . so enjoy your memorial day weekend , everybody ! 
today president trump was at the vatican meeting with pope francis . during their meeting , the pope gave president trump a medal . then , melania said , " hey , if anyone deserves a medal here , it’s me ! " 
today , president trump was at the vatican meeting with pope francis . the world leader who believes himself the embodiment of god on earth said he’s a big fan of the pope . 
while he was there , president trump gave pope francis several books written by martin luther king . then trump said , " in my opinion , king’s best books were ' the shining ' and ' pet cemetery . ' " 
during her visit to the vatican this morning , melania trump wore a black dress and black veil . according to experts , that means she and donald trump had sex last night . 
according to the senate , president trump’s budget is dead on arrival . in other words , trump’s budget is covered by trump’s health care plan . 
yesterday , 54 - year - old tom cruise revealed he will be making a sequel to " top gun . " in the new version , the song “danger zone” is about tom cruise’s triglyceride levels . 
a black man has received a surgical transplant of a white man’s penis . you can tell the transplant was effective because every time he turns on the radio , his penis changes the station to npr . 
in cambodia , an actress is not allowed to make movies because the country’s government said she’s too sexy . so , ladies and gentlemen , now you know why i’m not allowed to make a movie in cambodia . 
a new poll reveals that only 1 in 4 americans believe president trump has actually " drained the swamp . " however , 3 out of 4 americans believe trump has " peed in the pool . " 
it ' s come out that the new republican health care bill will hike premiums by 700% for the old and sick . it’s not a good sign that the title of the bill is " walk it off , grandpa . " 
the faa is investigating why a drone appeared in the sky during a san diego padres game . authorities have already ruled out the possibility that someone wanted to actually watch a padres game . 
today , mark zuckerberg - who dropped out of harvard university after his sophomore year - gave a commencement speech to harvard’s graduating class . zuckerberg began the speech with , " hello , suckers . " 
a bishop has come under scrutiny for accepting a $ 100 , 000 toyota land cruiser as a gift . the bishop said , " i ' d get rid of it , but it’s a chick magnet . " 
today is the 10 - year anniversary of pornhub . it ' s also the 10 - year anniversary of me going to bed 20 minutes after my wife . 
mike pence is dreamily writing " president mike pence " on his spiral notebook . 
someday we ' ll all look back on this and scream . 
trump is to us presidents as godzilla is to us presidents . 
" the snake has said all he’s going to say about the matter . " - sean spicer at the garden of eden 
i no longer think trump conspired with russia to win the election , because he would have bragged about it to a barista by now . 
trump is very relieved to be back in america , where he understands what the protestors are saying . 
happy 10th anniversary to pornhub , a website i just now heard about . seriously . just now . 
i watch pro wrestling not for entertainment , but to evaluate our next crop of presidential candidates . 
there used to be a time when we didn’t have access to all the world’s knowledge while sitting on the toilet . 
in protest of president trump abandoning the paris climate accord , the ceo of disney has resigned from trump ' s business advisory council . it’s not a good sign when a company led by a giant talking mouse is telling the president to be more realistic . 
the " wonder woman " movie shattered the glass ceiling , breaking $ 100 million in box office sales . in fact , the only way " wonder woman " could have done better is if she had campaigned in wisconsin . 
several panelists on fox news accused " wonder woman " of not being american enough because her costume isn’t red , white and blue . they’re also saying to really be american , it should be a double xl . 
in michigan , a republican congressman said that god would " take care of " climate change . so now , a group of polar bears are on their way to " take care of " a republican congressman in michigan . 
today , 15 new features were revealed about the upcoming iphone 8 . the biggest new feature is the battery that only lasts until the announcement of the iphone 9 . 
a new study claims that popular people may live longer than unpopular people . if that’s true , shia labeouf died in 1982 . 
a new study just came out and it found that schoolchildren are using donald trump’s words to bully other children . in fact at my kid’s school , i overheard one little boy call another kid , " the mayor of london . " 
a new study found that kids are bullying each other with donald trump’s words . the good news is , most kids outgrow trump’s vocabulary by the time they’re 11 . 
a new report came out and it says that donald trump once shifted charitable donations for sick kids into his own business . trump referred to the charity as the " take a wish foundation . " 
after 14 years , the ceo of j . crew is stepping down . he said he wants to take a gap year . 
vice president mike pence’s wife , karen , has set up a hive of 15 , 000 bees at their residence . meanwhile , mike pence said he won’t be alone with the queen bee without a chaperone . 
astronomers are saying that a mysterious signal from space was caused by gas surrounding a comet . of course , the comet is claiming the gas came from its dog . 
there’s a proposed bill in new york that would allow medical marijuana to be prescribed for menstrual cramps . which is why millions of men in new york are now saying " it is my time of the month . " 
the owner of the world’s largest private collection of star wars memorabilia says someone stole $ 200 , 000 worth of his collectibles . on the plus side , the collector is reporting that his virginity is still in " mint condition . " 
former fbi director james comey did not want to be left alone in a room with donald trump . which is why james comey was just named an honorary " miss universe " contestant . 
yesterday , press secretary sean spicer was asked if the president has confidence in his attorney general and he was unable to answer the question . when spicer was asked if he had any self - respect left , spicer said , " i can’t answer that question either . " 
it’s been reported that attorney general jeff sessions has offered to resign . president trump told him , " that won’t be necessary , i’m taking you down with me . " 
canadian officials announced they are planning to build up their military . then they said , " that is , you know , if it’s ok with everybody else . " 
in utah , a woman pulled out two of her son’s teeth in a walmart bathroom . or as that procedure will soon be known , " the trumpcare dental plan . " 
in massachusetts , a medical marijuana dispensary has begun selling marijuana - infused pizza . or as that’s known , " one - stop shopping . " 
former fbi director comey testified that he met privately with president trump on february 14th . this is good news for everyone who thought they had the worst valentine’s day ever . 
james comey testified that every time he thought president trump was lying he wrote it down . which explains why comey was just rushed to the hospital for carpal tunnel syndrome . 
today during the televised hearings , senator dianne feinstein told comey , " you’re big , you’re strong . " then she said , " i’ll continue the rest of my statement in the closed session . " 
house speaker paul ryan defended donald trump’s behavior saying , " the president’s new at this . " ryan said , “and by ‘this’ i mean ' following the law . ' " 
melania trump is finally set to move into the white house next week . apparently she’s only moving in because trump is going to be moving out . 
trump said he plans to privatize air traffic control so i look forward to overhearing my drive - thru cashier landing a plane between orders . 
tomorrow , me and 12 friends are going to an espn zone to watch the former head of the fbi testify before congress . 
trump wakes up every morning and says , " today i ' ll act like a president . " but then his thumbs say , " oh , no , you won ' t . " 
president trump held a cabinet meeting today in which each cabinet member took turns praising the president . after hearing this , kim jong - un said , " man , even i’m not that insecure . " 
over the weekend in new jersey , president trump crashed a wedding . apparently , the bride said she wanted something old , something new , something borrowed , and something that will probably be out of office by august . 
it’s been reported that president trump is so worried about protests that he is postponing his upcoming trip to england . trump is also worried he doesn’t have time to learn the language . 
first lady melania trump has officially , as of today , moved into the white house . in a related story , donald trump just moved from the lincoln bedroom to the lincoln couch . 
the department of health and human services just hired a woman who is a prominent advocate of abstinence - only sex ed . man , who did she have to not - sleep with to get that job ? 
a new study reveals more than two billion people worldwide are overweight or obese . and at any given time , most of them are at disneyland the same day as you . 
someone invented a pair of yoga pants that vibrate when your yoga pose is incorrect . which explains the new trend , " incorrect yoga poses . " 
after winning the nba championship the golden state warriors unanimously decided to skip the traditional visit to the white house . after hearing this , melania trump said , " wait , you can do that ? " 
a new report just came out and it found that the employees at a trump clothing factory in indonesia are subject to low wages and verbal abuse . and even they wouldn ' t change places with sean spicer . 
it’s being reported that in the 2016 elections , russia interfered with voting systems in at least 39 states . which finally explains why the new governor of wyoming is anna kournikova . 
it’s rumored that president trump’s upcoming trip to the uk is on hold because he’s worried about angry protests . i have to admit , of all the wars i thought trump might re - start , i wasn’t counting on " revolutionary . " 
puerto rico has decided they want to become a us state . when they heard about it , california said , " that’s great , they can take our place . " 
in florida , a baseball stadium is celebrating father’s day by handing out free pregnancy tests . now it sounds like a good idea , except that the woman has to pee on a bobblehead . 
khloe kardashian and kylie jenner are being accused of stealing the ideas of other clothing designers . they’re also being accused of stealing years of our lives . 
today is president trump’s 71st birthday . trump received a card from vladimir putin that said , " i hope you’re enjoying the birthday present i gave you in november . " 
today is president trump’s birthday . melania surprised him by still living in the white house . 
today president trump said the gop health care bill that passed through the house was " mean " and " difficult to defend . " then trump said , " in other words , i love it . " 
fox news is dropping its famous tagline , " fair and balanced . ” fox news is swapping it for the more accurate tagline , “paranoia and ads for cialis . ” 
there’s a new version of the bible that has updated language that ' s coming out . for example , it refers to jesus ' disciples as " wingmen . " 
astronomers are now speculating that our sun may have had a long lost twin . so it’s official : our entire solar system is a telenovela . 
an 18 - year - old field goal kicker could be the first woman to play in the nfl . scouts say she has the talent and desire , all she needs now is the criminal record . 
new research suggests that people are more likely to eat vegetables if they have a tempting name . i think they’re right , because today for lunch i had a milf porn kale salad . 
sunday is father’s day and the trump kids are planning to give their father a tie . it’ll be the first time in a while that trump has a tie that’s not linked to russia . 
president trump is under investigation for obstruction of justice . that was confirmed today when president trump said he is not under investigation for obstruction of justice . 
experts say that if president trump were to fire special prosecutor robert mueller , all hell would break loose . or as trump calls that , " thursday . " 
vladimir putin has offered asylum to former fbi director james comey . when she heard , melania trump said " hey , what about me ? " 
a united airlines employee is under fire for pushing over a 71 - year - old passenger . or as the ceo of united put it , " we’re back , baby ! " 
i’m organizing a " creeps - only " screening of wonder woman in my rented storage container . 
before the invention of popcorn , people would just eat dried kernels of corn , then stick their face in a fire until their teeth exploded . 
from now on , rather than a gendered pronoun , i would like to be referred to as the elusive fifth flavor 
umami . " 
the supreme court ruled that a company has the legal right to have an offensive name . in other words , trump tower is going to stay trump tower . 
yesterday , president trump’s lawyer insisted that trump is not under investigation . he added , " and you can trust me , i ' m donald trump ' s lawyer . " 
vice president mike pence has gotten a dog . pence has already taught it to sit , fetch , and " sniff out gay . " 
bill cosby ' s sexual assault case has been declared a mistrial , after jurors deliberated for nearly 52 hours . it’s the first time people have spent the weekend with bill cosby and not left well rested . 
the discovery channel announced that michael phelps will compete against a shark in a swimming race . meanwhile , ryan lochte will compete against a shark in a spelling bee . 
according to a new survey , the most sexually satisfied women in the united states are right here in the los angeles . all i want to say is , ladies , you ' re welcome . 
trump adviser steve bannon told reporters yesterday that the white house has been doing fewer press briefings because " sean spicer got fatter . " bannon then went home to his mirrorless house . 
there’s a rumor that the white house is going to find a new place for press secretary sean spicer . all they told spicer was " it’s on a big farm upstate where you can run and play with all the other press secretaries… " 
a new study just came out and it found that after a few months of donald trump , most americans now have a favorable view of president george w . bush . when reached for comment , the ghost of richard nixon said , " here i come , baby . " 
yesterday , the us experienced a series of internet outages . things got so bad we momentarily surpassed china in productivity . 
in argentina , an entire trove of nazi artifacts has been found hidden in a house . you can see the whole thing on the new reality show , " nazi hoarders . " 
a pennsylvania man is being awarded $ 870 , 000 after doctors removed the wrong testicle . or as he’s calling it , " the ultimate powerball win . " 
the supreme court just ruled that it is now legal for sex offenders to use social media . when asked to explain the decision , the justices said , “sex offenders on the internet— what’s the worst that could happen ? ” 
president trump’s son - in - law jared kushner is in the middle east to broker a historic peace between israel and the palestinians . kushner thinks real progress will start once both sides stop laughing . 
in israel , a court ruled that a religious man cannot force a woman to move seats on an airplane just because he’s afraid of having accidental physical contact with her . it was the landmark case of israel vs mike pence . 
the reality show " bachelor in paradise " has been cleared of the assault charges and it’s going to resume filming . the news was celebrated today by abc , the contestants , and the chlamydia virus . 
girl scouts can now earn a badge for cyber security . that explains why there’s a mysterious $ 7 , 000 charge on your credit card for thin mints . 
in some california jails , inmates are now allowed to upgrade to nicer cells , which have cable tv , private phones , and personal libraries . that explains the hot new trend : getting arrested . 
burger king has just come out with a " lucky charms " cereal milkshake . it’s all part of their new slogan , " when you’re here , you’re probably high . " 
nasa reports that it had a record 18 , 000 applicants to be astronauts . and apparently 1 , 000 more apply every time president trump tweets . 
a muslim model has become the first woman to appear in a hijab on the cover of allure magazine . she also appears in a fashion spread entitled , " 10 hot looks for when you’re detained at the airport . " 
goodwill has returned almost $ 100 , 000 in cash that was mistakenly donated to them in a black duffel bag . a spokesman for goodwill said , " we ' re not very bright . " 
a new survey revealed that the average time a heterosexual couple has sex is 19 minutes . now in my case , that’s two minutes for sex and 17 minutes for apologizing . 
my body is a temple in that people lower their heads and cross themselves when they see it . 
amazon bought whole foods , so soon i’ll be up late at night drunk - ordering spelt . 
secret service fun fact : three out of four people caught scaling the white house fence are process servers . 
fireworks safety tip : blow your fingers off this year , before the ahca passes . 
today , we americans celebrate our independence from britain while planning our escape to canada . 
some say steve bannon is the real president , others say he ' s a galapagos marine iguana . 
how long until we can pay for groceries by simply waving a hand over the register ? it ' s already been an hour but they ' re asking me to leave . 
mitch mcconnell constantly looks like a kid who just stole all the gum . 
my uber driver has a man - bun ken doll hanging from his rear view mirror . 
i’m trying to convince my seattle in - laws the new travel ban means we can’t visit them this summer . 
i just completed 100 push - ups . ( i started last november . ) 
over the weekend , los angeles experienced a massive heat wave . some people were so desperate for air conditioning , they actually went to see the new " transformers " movie . 
at this weekend ' s g - 20 summit , president trump and vladimir putin had a private two and a half hour meeting . it’s probably not a good sign that it ended with putin handing trump a single red rose . 
president trump is being criticized now for allowing his daughter ivanka to sit in for him at the g - 20 summit . at a press conference today , the white house press secretary ' s 8 - year - old daughter said , " it’s no big deal . " 
on saturday , president trump had back - to - back meetings with the leaders of china and then japan . there was an awkward moment when trump asked the leader of japan , " hey , didn’t i just meet with you ? " 
in iraq , isis is on the verge of total defeat . you can tell isis is pretty much on the way out , because they’ve already been booked to appear on next season ' s " dancing with the stars . " 
some tech experts in silicon valley now believe that a robot would make a better president than a human . i don’t know about you , but at this point , i would vote for president roomba . 
donald trump jr . released a series of emails showing he actively tried to collaborate with the russians before the election . when he heard this , donald trump said , " good luck trying to connect me to donald trump jr . " 
donald trump jr . is being represented by a mafia lawyer who has defended four new york crime families . so now the lawyer has updated his resume to say " defended five new york crime families . " 
white house chief of staff reince priebus has dismissed the latest trump - russia story as " a nothing burger . " when questioned about his really strange choice of words , he explained , " my name in reince priebus . " 
a new study just found that the republican health care bill has the same approval rating as nickelback and herpes . when asked to comment , the herpes virus said , " hey , don’t lump me in with those guys . " 
over the weekend , an elderly woman flashed her chest at dodger stadium on the jumbotron . it’s all part of a new baseball tradition , " the 7th inning stretch marks . " 
united airlines is under fire for destroying a man’s custom - made $ 42 , 000 wheelchair . it’s all part of their new slogan , " united airlines : walk it off , bitch . " 
today president trump tweeted that his son donald jr . is " open , transparent , and innocent . " which is why president trump is now demanding a paternity test . 
president trump tweeted that his son donald jr . is " open , transparent , and innocent . " unfortunately those are three things you don’t want to be when you go to prison . 
according to friends of donald trump jr . ' s , back in college , he was a black out drunk . so , he does have a long history of meeting with white russians . 
it was reported today that donald trump jr . ’s wife once dated leonardo dicaprio . in other words , she’s used to being with guys who go down with a sinking ship . 
it’s being reported that president trump is bothered that people think he watches too much television . trump claims he saw it mentioned today on " the view , " " the today show , " cnn , " live with kelly and ryan , " and " clifford the big red dog . " 
kid rock has officially announced his candidacy for the us senate . kid rock says he wants to restore america back to a better time when it would have been unimaginable for kid rock to run for the us senate . 
the new republican health care bill is out , and the bad news is , older people still pay more than younger people . of course the good news is , they don’t pay more for long . 
president trump and the first lady are visiting france . now , there have been some misunderstandings due to the language barrier , like at dinner when melania was offered a crepe and she said , " no thanks , i’m married to one . " 
republican house speaker paul ryan is calling for stronger sanctions against russia for its election - meddling . ryan said , " we must keep russia out of our elections until we need them again in 2018 . " 
nbc’s long running reality show " the biggest loser " has been cancelled . or as nbc put it , " we just lost 30 , 000 pounds . " 
a new study just came out that found that breast implants can save your life if you’re shot in the chest . in a related story , the " real housewives of beverly hills " just joined seal team 6 . 
trump hired anthony scaramucci because he thought his tan qualified him as a " person of color . " 
" o . j . simpson paroled " is by far the worst reboot of the summer . 
just heard chris christie got booed while performing cpr on a choking victim . 
i had the craziest dream last night . i dreamt the republicans managed to pass a piece of legislation . 
sooner or later , trump is going to realize that’s just a sack of potatoes in melania’s bed . 
i still remember summer as a child , when my parents shipped me off to camp for 12 years . 
there are three ways to cook a hot dog : boil , grill , and , i just discovered by accident , dry clean . 
the white house is undergoing a $ 3 . 4 million renovation . trump said he’s hoping to replace the kitchen , the carpeting , and the attorney general . 
vice president mike pence denies he’s planning to run for president in 2020 . he said , " i’m pretty sure i’ll be president way before then . " 
fox news has suspended a host after he admitted to sending unsolicited dick pics . now of course , at fox news , " sending unsolicited dick pics” is usually how you get the job . 
president trump has been complaining on twitter that the press is not reporting his accomplishments . the press responded , " we would , but we’re not allowed to print the word ' clusterf * * * . ' " 
the mars curiosity rover celebrated its fifth year in space by humming " happy birthday " to itself . the rover then drank a bottle of white wine and cried itself to sleep . 
usher is being sued for millions because he failed to disclose to a sexual partner that he has herpes . in a related story , steven tyler has fled the country . 
police in pennsylvania are looking for a woman who performed oral sex on a man at a mcdonald’s . in fact , every man in pennsylvania is looking for her . 
president trump warned that if north korea does not stop escalating its nuclear program , " they will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen . ” then melania said , “don’t worry , he says that to me every night and nothing ever happens . ” 
this week , president trump plans to travel to new york . he plans to eat some pizza and then deport the statue of liberty . 
there ' s a new online quiz that tells you if you would be allowed to enter the u . s . under president trump’s immigration policies . it consists of a single question : " are you a swimsuit model ? " 
political experts say that many members of congress are preparing for a mike pence presidency . they’re preparing by binge - watching " the handmaid’s tale . " 
a new study of chain restaurants came out and it found that the cheesecake factory serves the unhealthiest food . when asked for comment , the ceo said , " folks , it’s called ' the cheesecake factory . ' " 
there’s a rumor that cynthia nixon from " sex and the city " may run for governor of new york . her strategy is to reach out to low income mirandas without alienating wealthy samanthas . 
mcdonald’s plans to nearly double its restaurants in china . in other words , china is getting rid of its one child policy and its one chin policy . 
a new study reveals 1 out of 8 americans is an alcoholic . however , after trump’s comments on north korea yesterday , it’s now 7 out of 8 americans . 
today , president trump tweeted , " there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world ! " trump would have tweeted more , but just then ivanka came in with his juice box . 
a new report claims that the florida coastline is rising six times faster than the rest of the world . floridians are calling this " alarming , " and everyone else is calling it " not fast enough . " 
wendy ' s is introducing a bacon burger that comes with bacon mayonnaise and bacon jam . a spokesperson for wendy’s said , " and if that doesn’t work , we’ll just stab our customers in the heart . " 
in new york city , a sex toy company is going to allow women to try out vibrators at a pop - up shop . well technically , it’s more of a " pop - in " shop . 
today is smokey bear’s 73rd birthday . you can tell smokey ' s getting older because now his motto is , " just let it burn - i ' m watching ' judge judy . ' " 
a study came out and found that the perfect time to have sex is 7 : 30 in the morning . it is a perfect time because you can have sex , finish , and then leave for work at 7 : 32 . 
archaeologists have just uncovered evidence of a native american civilization that vanished in the 13th century . apparently , they died out months after selecting their new leader , chief trump . 
yesterday , a russian spy plane was spotted over new jersey . the russian pilot was overheard saying , " you know , siberia’s not so bad . " 
some football stadiums are going to begin offering delivery services that will bring food right to your seat . however , if you’re a rams fan , your food will most likely be intercepted and returned for a touchdown . 
walmart is testing out an app that would allow shoppers to skip the checkout line . currently that service is known as , " shoplifting . " 
the singer the weeknd is reportedly considering changing his name . this is on the advice of his son , " staycation . " 
chipotle has closed a location in dallas after diners filmed three rats falling from the ceiling . don’t worry , the rats died of e . coli before they hit the ground . 
a recent study just came out and found that sex burns about 3 . 5 calories per minute . it’s funny , because that was always my pickup line : " hey , baby , want to come back to my place and burn 7 calories ? " 
in virginia , someone broke into a man’s apartment , cleaned it , and took nothing . police are describing the suspect as " his mother . " 
you call it day drinking , i call it something unintelligible because i’m day drinking . 
remember when all we had to worry about was ebola ? good times . 
president trump made a speech denouncing neo - nazis and the kkk , but people were upset because he waited 48 hours to do it . when asked what took so long , trump said , " i watch fox news , so i didn’t know anything happened . " 
this weekend , president trump told the country , " we have to love each other . " then he said , " you know , until a younger , hotter country comes along . " 
while on a tour of latin america , mike pence described venezuela as " sliding into dictatorship . " pence said , " and i’m here to learn . " 
kid rock is considering running for senate in michigan but he may not be allowed to use his stage name " kid rock . " kid rock might be forced to use his christian name , " deez nuts . " 
the hackers who hacked into hbo leaked some storylines for the upcoming season of " curb your enthusiasm . " i hate to ruin it for you but apparently this season larry is going to do something anti - social that will end up backfiring on him . 
a 16 year - old wichita high school student is running for governor of kansas . the teenager’s two campaign promises are to address health care and get to second base with ashley in trigonometry . 
in an impromptu press conference , president trump said , " the hate and the division must stop . " for a minute , the crowd got excited , because they thought trump was resigning . 
in his press conference , president trump referred to the neo - nazis as " history buffs . " then he referred to serial killers as " population control experts . " 
in his press conference , president trump said that steve bannon was a good friend and not a racist . then he said , " oops , i meant to say , ' a good racist , and not a friend . ' " 
google has banned the neo - nazi website " the daily stormer " from its site . so now if you want to search for hate groups on the internet , you’re completely out of luck ! 
a florida man who accidentally fired a gun in a strip club restroom while trying to take a selfie has been sent to prison . the weird thing is everyone else at the florida prison is there for the exact same reason . 
a sex toy company is creating a new product inspired by " game of thrones . " their motto is , " why should winter be the only thing coming ? " 
as you probably all heard , north korea has backed off its threat to launch a nuclear missile at guam . so now the tile of " crazy tyrant most likely to destroy america " returns to defending champion , donald trump ! 
president trump dissolved his advisory council because a bunch of ceos dropped out . trump said they didn’t " take their job seriously . " trump then went back to golfing and retweeting memes while sitting on the toilet . 
the trump administration named a new interim communications director and her name is hope hicks . so , apparently now they’re on the h’s . 
last night , the city of baltimore removed four statues of confederate heroes . or as fox news reported it , " baltimore liberals force pigeons from their homes . " 
in washington d . c . yesterday , vandals spray - painted graffiti on the lincoln memorial . historians are calling it the second worst thing to ever happen to abraham lincoln . 
today , all mcdonalds ' in canada are offering 67 cent burgers . as if americans need yet another reason to move to canada . 
president trump tweeted that he’s " sad " over the removal of our " beautiful statues . " of course , trump may just be sticking up for his fellow bronze - colored symbols of hate . 
in a tweet this morning , president trump called confederate statues " beautiful . " people were shocked because it’s the first time trump has complimented anything that’s over 40 years old . 
president trump said that north korean leader kim jong - un’s choice to not attack guam was a " wise and well reasoned decision . " trump said , " someday i’m gonna make one of those . " 
some white supremacists are now upset because they’re taking dna tests and discovering they’re part black . and you know who’s even more upset ? their black ancestors . 
the american cancer society has decided not to host its charity event at trump’s resort , mar - a - lago . you know it’s not a good sign for trump when he’s considered too toxic for cancer . 
hillary clinton is coming out with a book called " what happened . " out of habit , bill clinton immediately came out with his own book called " baby , i can explain . " 
as you know , my name is conan o’brien . or for any of you ladies who watched the eclipse without protective glasses - hi , i’m ryan gosling . 
after being advised specifically not to look at the sun without protective glasses , president trump stared at the eclipse without protective glasses . so afterward everyone started advising him , " whatever you do , don’t resign ! " 
the weather channel covered the eclipse all day today . when asked why , a spokesperson for the weather channel said , " jesus , until the next hurricane , this is all we’ve freakin ' got . " 
a new report came out and found that it costs so much to protect president trump ' s entire family that the secret service is going bankrupt . in fact today , the secret service asked if they could " just skip eric . " 
experts are saying that president trump is already preparing for the 2020 election . now some people think that’s overly optimistic , but others say no , he’ll probably be paroled by then . 
a new book is coming out about the women who shaped donald trump including his mother , his grandmother , and his three wives . the book is entitled , " way to go , ladies ! " 
in his speech on afghanistan , president trump said , " attack we will . " then trump introduced his new military strategist : general mad dog yoda . 
before announcing his decision on afghanistan , president trump was said to have made a ' rigorous ' review of the issue . yes , trump said , " i must have read at least four tweets about it ! " 
there were a lot of protestors at a rally today in phoenix attended by president trump and vice president pence . things got awkward when it turned out that the " impeach trump " chants were being led by mike pence . 
mark wahlberg has been named 2017’s highest - paid male actor . today , mark said , " i don’t know why either . " 
there ' s a new beer coming out that contains marijuana . unfortunately , the inventor cannot for the life of him remember how he made it . 
india has outlawed its long , long practice of " instant divorce . " however , india will still continue to offer its popular " cool ranch divorce . " 
arby ' s is celebrating the " game of thrones " season finale by offering its customers a giant turkey leg . it’s all part of their " game of thrones " tie - in , " diarrhea is coming . " 
in her new book , hillary clinton calls donald trump a " creep " who " made her skin crawl . " when he heard , trump smiled and said , " i still got it . " 
last night president trump spoke at a rally in arizona and really fired up his supporters . he opened his speech by saying , " our movement is a movement built on love . " in other words , he started with his best joke . 
at yesterday’s trump rally , the crowd was chanting " cnn sucks ! " and man , you do not want to hear what they had to say about the science channel . 
last night president trump said of his critics , " i went to better schools than they did . i was a better student than they were . i live in a bigger , more beautiful apartment . and i live in the white house , too . " then someone handed trump a fidget spinner and he quieted right down . 
it is being reported that president trump is no longer speaking to senate majority leader mitch mcconnell . upon hearing this , melania went to mcconnell and said , " teach me , master . " 
in saudi arabia , a 14 - year - old boy was detained for dancing to the macarena . you know , i don’t say this often but i’m going to side with the saudi government on this one . 
some parents in california are mad that a kindergarten teacher read their kids a book about transgenderism . it was the dr . seuss classic , " cat in the hat who identifies as a dog . " 
had that nightmare where my chute doesn’t open and i hit the ground , and the last thing i hear is a cannibal shouting " five - second rule ! " 
i heard the iphone 15 won ' t have any ports or jacks or a screen and it will just be a smooth steel ball and finally we ' ll all be happy . 
when the eclipse comes i’m going to borrow the special glasses my wife uses when i’m shirtless . 
just searched " trump psychological profile " and crashed webmd . 
anyone see the movie " it " this weekend ? it was the # 1 movie about a dangerous clown who terrifies both children and adults . and yet somehow ends up getting elected president . 
in texas this weekend , a movie theater hosted a showing of the movie " it " that was for an audience made up entirely of clowns . only one car showed up but the place was packed . 
when asked about hurricane irma , president trump said , " this is some big monster . " in other words , trump’s plan to combat hurricane irma is " fat - shaming " it . 
over twitter , billionaire richard branson revealed the damage done by the hurricane to his private island . i know what you’re thinking , " how could god allow such a thing ? " 
it was reported yesterday that two people were arrested for throwing a yoga mat at the white house . when she heard , melania trump said , " yoga mat ? i told them to throw me a rope ladder . " 
pope francis was in latin america over the weekend and he called it a " moral responsibility " for everyone to fight climate change . or as fox news reported it , " hispanic guy in dress wants to take away your suv . " 
while in colombia , the pope bumped his head in his popemobile . apparently no one noticed , because they’re used to the pope yelling , " jesus christ ! " 
on twitter last night , someone discovered that republican senator ted cruz had " liked " a tweet from a porn account . as you can imagine , that was one very embarrassing day for that porn account . 
republican senator ted cruz is blaming the porn tweet on a staffer logging onto his account at 1 am . by the way , if my wife is watching , honey , two nights ago at 2 am , i got up to use the bathroom and hired a staffer . 
just a day and a half after hurricane irma ended , disney world managed to reopen . disney’s biggest obstacle after the storm was to get the robots from the hall of presidents to stop looting . 
with the release of its new high - end iphone ten , apple may soon become the first us company to be worth $ 1 trillion . and that’s just from selling five new iphone x ' s . 
the new iphone will be able to track stair climbing and mountain hiking . so , the big question is : will it have any features for americans ? 
pope francis said that , in his early 40s , he attended weekly appointments with a jewish therapist . the pope said he went to a jewish therapist so he could better understand his boss . 
professional children’s clowns are upset that the stephen king movie " it " makes them look like murderers . and professional murderers are upset that it makes them look like children’s clowns . 
in britain , a man waved a knife and his penis around at customers inside a mcdonalds . and guess what - it was still the healthiest thing ever seen in a mcdonalds . 
president trump is actually getting a lot of praise for his response to hurricanes harvey and irma . you know , it’s not a good sign for your presidency when the best thing that happens to you is " two hurricanes . " 
president trump is hosting democratic leaders nancy pelosi and chuck schumer at the white house for dinner . of course , pelosi and schumer may want to be careful because trump’s wine steward is arya stark . 
hillary clinton said in her book that after trump’s inauguration speech , george w . bush told her , " that was some weird shit . " it’s being called the most eloquent statement ever made by george w . bush . 
a few days after being accused of liking a porn tweet on twitter , senator ted cruz dismissed the claims saying , " the left is obsessed with sex . " cruz then said , " and if they want to call me , i can recommend some great sites . " 
apple is working with medical professionals to see if apple watches can detect heart problems . here’s how it works , if the apple watch doesn’t fit around your wrist , you have a heart problem . 
in a sewer in london , officials found a giant clump of fat , waste , and diapers known as " fatberg . " the fatberg is so repulsive , officials are divided on whether to dissolve it , or cast it as a " dance mom . " 
in palm springs , california , a starbucks barista saved a customer’s life by giving him cpr . apparently , the customer had a heart attack when the barista spelled his name right . 
according to a new survey , 80% of women say that longer lasting sex does not result in better orgasms . isn’t that amazing ? when they heard , 80% of men said , " phew . " 
president trump now says he wants the wealthy to pay more taxes and undocumented minors to be allowed to stay in the country . then , this morning , trump accused himself of being born in kenya . 
trump supporters are outraged over the president’s recent reversals on immigration . this is the first time they’ve ever been this angry at a white male . 
president trump was very busy all night tweeting about hillary clinton . and as a result , melania trump spent this morning thanking hillary clinton . 
huma abedin and soon - to - be ex - husband anthony weiner say that they want to keep their divorce proceedings private . however , weiner insisted he’s still going to keep his penis public . 
facebook is under fire because , during last year’s election , facebook sold lots of ad space to russia . facebook said the problem has been fixed . now they’re selling that ad space to a really nice lady named isis . 
the us government has announced a deal to sell 18 fighter jets to canada . the jets will help canada protect itself from its most hated enemy : bad manners . 
security experts are now keeping a close eye on the rise of osama bin laden’s son . even worse , they say osama bin laden jr . may be working together with his siblings eric bin laden and ivanka bin laden . 
a lot of people are angry about sean spicer’s cameo on last night’s emmys . they ' re also not thrilled to hear that attorney general jeff sessions will be hosting the latin grammys . 
the big winner at last night’s emmys was " the handmaid’s tale , " that’s a show about a repressive society where women have no rights . it won best writing , best drama , and best mike pence fantasy . 
today in new york , president trump spoke before the united nations general assembly . there was an awkward moment when trump looked into the audience and said , " wait , how the hell did you people get into this country ? " 
over the weekend , president trump retweeted a gif of himself knocking hillary clinton down with a golf ball . in response , hillary retweeted a gif where she beat trump by three million votes . 
the charity organization oxfam is renting out president trump’s childhood home to refugees . it’s pretty cool , they’ve already rented out a room to a refugee on the run named " melania . " 
california governor jerry brown is working on a plan to build two tunnels that will bring water to southern california . of course , it’s california , so one tunnel is for flat water , the other sparkling with lime . 
the wife of donald trump’s ethics advisor was caught having sex in a car with a prison inmate . can you believe that ? donald trump has an ethics advisor . 
in germany , a man working out at a gym got his penis caught in a 5 - pound weight . now , in fairness , on fridays , he does " legs , back , and penis . " 
today at the un , president trump threatened to return immigrants to their home countries . after making those comments he got a standing ovation from melania . 
during his speech to the un , president trump paused for what he thought was an applause line and was met by silence . president trump , welcome to my world . 
while at the un , president trump also called the iran nuclear deal an " embarrassment . " then trump said , " gotta go - i have to post a tweet of me hitting a woman with a golf ball . " 
t - mobile and sprint are in talks for a possible merger . the merger will happen after t - mobile texts sprint at 2am and asks , " u up ? " 
apple is exploring ways to turn siri into people’s personal therapist . in fact , this morning when i asked siri for today’s weather she said , " stop trying to replace your father . " 
a new app lets people take selfies with virtual versions of " the today show " anchors . the app is called " why ? " 
during a speech to african leaders today , president trump accidentally made up the nation of " nambia . " even worse , he promised to help nambia in their war with narnia . 
president trump is using his 2020 campaign fund to pay his legal fees , which experts say is " wrong but not illegal . " coincidentally , " wrong but not illegal " is also trump’s 2020 campaign slogan . 
yesterday , attorney general jeff sessions visited portland , oregon . after his visit , sessions said , " you know , dreadlocks aren’t so scary when they’re on a white guy . " 
twitter has just announced it has new controls to block people who advocate violence . but don’t worry , you can still follow president trump on facebook . 
apple ceo tim cook is claiming that the $ 1000 iphone x is a good value . cook said , “it’s the last phone you’ll ever need for the next eight months . " 
arnold schwarzenegger is going to return to the next " terminator " movie . in this one , arnold goes back in time to erase all traces of him hosting " celebrity apprentice . " 
it’s come out that some species of frogs have sex orgies . these are followed the next morning by the frogs doing the " hop of shame . " 
in an interview , former white house press secretary sean spicer said he never knowingly lied to the american people . then he said , " dammit , i just lied again , i can’t help myself . " 
north korean leader kim jong - un lashed out at president trump calling him , " mentally deranged " and " a frightened dog . " as a result , kim jong - un is now the democrats ' top pick for president in 2020 . 
president trump is angry at the nfl players for their silent protest during the national anthem . trump said , " silent protests have no place anywhere outside my marriage . " 
the national anthem controversy has even caused a rift between president trump and his longtime friend tom brady . of course , we should have seen this coming with brady because whenever anyone that beautiful turns 40 , trump loses interest . 
in an interview yesterday , treasury secretary steve mnuchin said football players give up their right to free speech when they’re on the field . you know what i’d like to see ? i’d like to see steve mnuchin say that to an actual football player . 
president trump has disinvited golden state warrior player steph curry from visiting the white house . not because of their political differences - because trump believes curry is from india . 
anthony weiner has been sentenced to nearly two years in jail for sexting with a teenager . weiner said , " come on your honor , by the time i get out she’s going to be 20 . " 
last week , fema tweeted out a wrong phone number , so people seeking roof repair found themselves talking to a phone sex line . apparently , the phone sex company and the roof repair company both had the same slogan , " fill that hole . " 
trump announced he will visit puerto rico next tuesday and survey the storm damage . however , trump may have to cancel depending on what happens on monday night football . 
an employee for the buffalo bills quit after the entire team took a knee during the national anthem on sunday . meanwhile , an employee for the los angeles chargers quit after watching them play on sunday . 
it’s been revealed that a tweet president trump sent out yesterday about iran testing a ballistic missile was based on old news footage . even worse , most of trump’s complaints about the nfl were based on the movie " rudy . " 
today , the nominations for the latin grammys were announced . the two contenders for song of the year are " despacito " and the song that will lose to " despacito . " 
in boston , experts believe they have found paul revere’s outhouse and they say they are excited to examine his fecal matter . these experts have been described as " single . " 
president trump says his new tax plan would greatly simplify the us tax code . it would divide everyone into two brackets : " taxpayers " and " president trump . " 
the winner of the alabama senate primary , roy moore , once equated homosexuality to having sex with a cow . moore went on to say , “however , i also have some criticisms of it . ” 
there are rumors that nfl legend peyton manning may run for senate . experts say there’s no way that mixing the nfl and politics could possibly go wrong . 
it’s been reported that morale is low among the taliban . you know things are bad when they are too depressed to go to work . 
khloé kardashian is reportedly pregnant . khloe said she doesn’t care if it’s a boy or a girl just as long as it has over one million instagram followers . 
san diego has started building a border wall . not to keep out immigrants , but to keep the la chargers from coming back . 
the other day in australia , a wedding took place inside a costco . because it was costco , the groom came home with 12 brides . 
in china , for the first time ever , a robot performed dental surgery without human assistance . everyone was excited until they remembered that the robot was just supposed to vacuum the living room . 
researchers say they may have figured out how the ancient egyptians built the great pyramid of giza . what they haven’t figured out is how the ancient egyptians got mexico to pay for it . 
in britain , a group of hikers had to be rescued from the country’s highest peak because they were too stoned to walk . the hikers were thousands of feet high , and then they started climbing the mountain . 
president trump was in puerto rico today to survey the hurricane damage . trump looked around then told the locals , " if i were you , i’d go stay at your second homes . " 
to raise money for puerto rico , celebrities have been posting pictures online of themselves from puberty . however , after one look at mine , puerto rico said , " haven’t we been through enough ? " 
there’s a rumor that the lakers are trying to sign lebron james . they’re telling him , " the weather in la is great , plus as a laker , you get the entire playoff season off . " 
scientists have figured out how to generate electricity from tears . in fact , they say that soon , 10% of our renewable energy will come from people watching " this is us . " 
there’s talk of including video gamers in future olympics . olympic gamers would be treated like all other athletes , except they’d be tested for " performance - enhancing ramen . " 
germany has just rolled out a new law banning hate speech . the law is tricky to implement because everything sounds like hate speech when it ' s spoken in german . 
the new food craze in thailand is " penis - shaped waffles . " the waffles come in three sizes : " small , " " medium , " and " liam neeson . " 
it’s been reported that last summer , secretary of state rex tillerson called president trump a " moron " and then was talked out of resigning by mike pence . pence’s exact words were " don’t quit , that moron needs you . " 
historians say that if prince harry marries his girlfriend meghan markle it will be groundbreaking for the british royal family . not because markle’s of mixed race , but because they’re not related . 
in pennsylvania , a pro - life congressman is accused of asking his mistress to get an abortion so his wife wouldn’t find out about his affair . he defended himself saying , " hey , when i said i’m pro - life i meant i’m pro - my - life . " 
byron scott , a former coach of the lakers , had his home broken into and money and valuables stolen . afterwards , scott said , " it could be worse , i could still be the coach of the lakers . " 
former boxing champion george foreman has challenged former action star steven seagal to fight him in the ring . and the winner will be our next president . 
in france , someone has installed the first - ever " raw oyster vending machine . " it’s being called " innovative " by seafood lovers , and the best idea ever by bacteria . 
the latest trailer for " the last jedi " blew me away , but why were the first 30 seconds about car insurance ? 
i love autumn in l . a . , when the leaves change on my screensaver photos . 
president trump is going to japan to meet with the prime minister and may play a round of golf . or as trump put it , he’s going to japan to play a round of golf and he may meet with the prime minister . 
trump announced that he will release over 3 , 000 classified files relating to the kennedy assassination . spoiler alert - apparently hillary did it . 
the latest rumor in washington is president trump is looking for a replacement for secretary of state rex tillerson . after hearing the job entails constant trips out of the country , melania volunteered . 
senator john mccain is refusing to come out and label president trump a draft dodger . mccain says , " i prefer the term , ' wartime pussy . ' " 
harvey weinstein just finished a week - long stay at a rehab clinic for sex addiction . apparently , he would’ve have stayed longer , but all the other sex addicts thought weinstein was too creepy . 
a couple ordered a package from amazon and included with their stuff was 65 lbs . of marijuana . it was only then that the couple realized that they ' d accidentally signed up for " amazon primo . " 
everyone ' s ok , but last friday , dr . phil hit a skateboarder with his car . dr . phil was overheard yelling , " quick , somebody , get a real doctor . " 
an inmate is suing his prison after he had an erection for 91 hours . it’s what prison officials call " hard time . " 
the opening game of the world series is here in los angeles and it’s 104 degrees outside . so think of this while none of us are at the world series , at least we have air conditioning . 
the average ticket for tonight’s dodgers - astros world series game is about 3 , 000 dollars . isn’t that crazy ? for that kind of money , you could see half of " hamilton . " 
president trump and republican senator bob corker are in a feud after corker compared the white house to a day care center . when they heard this , 3 - year - olds everywhere said , " oh no - do not lump us in with that guy . " 
bill o ' reilly revealed that he is mad at god for putting him through his sexual harassment scandal . today , god refused to comment , instead , she just laughed . 
a california elementary school is under fire for putting up a donald trump scarecrow . even worse , 30% of the crows still think the trump scarecrow is doing a great job . 
foreign policy experts say that the president of china is now the world’s most powerful person . as you can imagine , that came as quite a shock to beyoncé . 
when asked if he was running for senate in 2018 , kid rock said , " f * * * no . " that kind of language can only mean one thing , he’s running for president . 
nickelodeon has fired a male producer after multiple accusations of sexual harassment . he’s the creator of nickelodeon’s , " spongebob no - pants . " 
the los angeles dodgers won the first game of the world series last night . last night ' s game was the fastest world series game in decades . fans in la were at the game for 2 ½ hours , and in traffic for 5 ½ . 
when asked about the 2020 election , joe biden said , " i haven’t decided to run . but i’ve decided i’m not going to decide not to run . " then his wife jill biden said , “welcome to my hell . ” 
in a late night vote yesterday , the senate made it illegal to sue a bank . which is why today , harvey weinstein petitioned to become a bank . 
in the past week , several prominent men have been fired for sexual harassment and it’s being called " the harvey effect . " of course , none of them will see any jail time and that’s being called " the cosby effect . " 
experts say the new blockbuster movie " geostorm " may lose as much as $ 100 million . after hearing about it , nicolas cage said , " hey - i don’t remember starring in that . " 
it’s been reported that britain’s queen elizabeth has earned over $ 8 million from horse racing . today the queen said , " two grand more and i quit this shit job . " 
during last night ' s 11 - inning world series game , a dodgers fan got arrested after he jumped into one of the bullpens . afterwards , the dodgers admitted if the game had gone one more inning they would have needed him to pitch . 
president trump had the jfk files declassified . trump said , " i can take the class out of anything . " 
woody allen’s newest movie features a middle - aged man who is sleeping with a 15 - year - old girl . the movie will premiere at cannes in may , and be entered into evidence in june . 
a fast food restaurant in australia is celebrating halloween by offering a hamburger in a blue bun , sprinkled with real ants and worms . or as arby’s calls that , “the number six . ” 
just saw the updated charlie brown special where they grind up the great pumpkin to flavor someone’s latte . 
the only way trump will pardon the white house thanksgiving turkey is if it promises to do the same for him in a few months . 
this year for halloween i’m giving out canadian passports . 
last night ' s astros - dodgers world series game took over five hours , and then la lost . usually when people from los angeles endure something for five hours , at least they get new breasts out of it . 
president trump’s former campaign manager paul manafort was charged with conspiracy against the united states . apparently , his " conspiracy against the united states " was suggesting to donald trump that he run for president . 
this morning , while cnn and msnbc were covering the manafort indictments , fox news did a story about the cheeseburger emoji . just to keep you up to date - the cheeseburger emoji is still claiming it did not collude with russia to hijack the election . 
today another trump adviser , george papadopolous , pled guilty to lying to the fbi about meeting with russians in 2016 . the fbi would have issued an arrest warrant sooner , but they had a hard time spelling " papadopolous . " 
last week , disgraced congressman anthony weiner was sentenced to a medical center for sex offenders . the other sex offenders told weiner , " hey , it’s nice to finally put a face with the penis . " 
big olympic news : the ioc said they may consider including pole dancing , poker , and foosball in the next olympics games . they also said it’s the first olympics that will be held in a frat house basement . 
arby ' s has responded to critics of its venison sandwich saying the deer meat was not obtained by hunting . arby’s said , " our deer meat is obtained by driving . " 
happy halloween everybody ! hope you all like my costume tonight - i’m dressed as " slutty talk show host . " 
there was a big halloween party at the white house yesterday . some of the halloween costumes at the white house were a little over the top . for example , melania trump went as " happily married woman . " 
krispy kreme locations are giving out free donuts this halloween when you come in wearing a costume . yeah , it’s the perfect way to kick off the " holiday diabetes season . " 
a recent poll came out that shows the approval rating for president donald trump has fallen to a historical all - time low of 33% . in response , trump said , " you hear that ? historic ! i’m in the history books ! i did it ! " 
today is game 6 of the world series . based on previous games , this one is expected to last two full days . 
chipotle is offering a special halloween promotion . did you know that ? that’s right ! your mouth gets a treat , and then your colon gets a trick . 
tonight is game 7 of the world series between the los angeles dodgers and the houston astros . folks , the stakes are high , whoever wins gets to turn down an invitation to the white house . 
in wisconsin , a child ' s trick - or - treat bag was found to contain meth . on the plus side , the kid did manage to hit 19 houses in under two minutes . 
some videos of racially insensitive halloween costumes went viral today . then people realized they were just watching footage of a washington redskins game . 
at the white house , first lady melania trump came across a trick - or - treater dressed up as her . melania spent several minutes trying to convince the kid to switch places . 
it’s come out that this year , indicted trump advisor paul manafort traveled to mexico using a fake name . then again , if you worked for trump and you were in mexico , would you use your real name ? 
people have recently discovered a property that paul manafort listed on airbnb . of course , it’s not helping manafort that it’s a two - bedroom condo in moscow . 
president trump’s press secretary sarah huckabee sanders confirmed that no one in president trump’s administration supports slavery . to put that in perspective , the last press secretary who had to make that statement worked for ulysses s . grant . 
a gambler won 14 million dollars on last night’s world series game . here’s what’s suspicious - turns out it was some guy named " yu darvish . " 
president trump tweeted congratulations to the houston astros for winning the world series . trump said he’s so happy for the astros , he’s only going to deport some of the players . 
the republican tax plan came out today and president trump announced that it will bring trillions of dollars to the us . he then said , " specifically , to three members of my cabinet . " 
president trump tweeted that our criminal justice system is a " joke . " he then tweeted , " i mean , how is my entire family not in prison ? " 
amazon has unveiled a new way to view its products in 3 - d . amazon is calling their new invention " a store . " 
virgin ceo richard branson is launching a cruise line that is " adults only . " after hearing about it , kevin spacey said , " not interested . " 
in an interview , " jeopardy " host alex trebek revealed that he once tripped hard on hash brownies . apparently , trebek spent hours saying " what is ' my hand ' for 800 ? " 
at 93 years and 167 days old , president george h . w . bush is now the longest living president in us history . after hearing this , melania trump said , " please god , don’t tell me they all live that long . " 
it is cyber monday . it’s the time of year when you can get a great deal today on something you didn’t want yesterday . what’s my return policy on that joke by the way ? 
the white house ethics lawyer resigned earlier today . well technically , he didn’t resign - he was hospitalized for exhaustion . 
today , two different people showed up at the consumer financial protection bureau , each claiming to be in charge . and tonight , they settle it in the octagon ! 
time magazine has been bought by the billionaire right - wing koch brothers . critics say buying time magazine could give the kochs unparalleled political influence over america in 1986 . 
john lasseter , the creator of toy story , announced he is taking a leave of absence from pixar amid allegations of sexual harassment . he also apologized for naming his lead character " woody . " 
prince harry has announced his engagement to an actress from los angeles . so congratulations to prince harry and his fiancé betty white . 
a couple in arkansas who love the olive garden have named their infant daughter " olivia garton . " olivia went home today , where she joined her big brother , hooters . 
bernie sanders has been nominated for a grammy award for best audiobook . of course , bernie supporters are already complaining that the grammys are rigged so that hillary will win . 
genealogy experts say that prince harry and his fiancée meghan markle are actually distant cousins . after hearing they were related , queen elizabeth finally gave the couple her blessing . 
people are mad at president trump for meeting with native american leaders in front of a portrait of anti - native american president andrew jackson . even worse , today president trump met with hispanic leaders in front of a portrait of president trump . 
this week , secretary of state rex tillerson said that russia isn’t acting like a " responsible nation . " president trump agreed , saying , " they haven’t paid me in months . " 
arby ' s has acquired buffalo wild wings for 2 . 4 billion dollars . they didn’t mean to , but like a lot of us , arby’s got drunk and bought too many wings . 
mtv announced its bringing back the original cast of " jersey shore . " can you believe it ? every single cast member was available ! 
in indiana , a high school teacher was caught in her classroom snorting cocaine . people became suspicious when parent - teacher conferences lasted only 10 seconds . 
longtime " today " show anchor matt lauer was fired because he was caught engaging in sexually inappropriate behavior . afterwards , lauer said , " maybe having all those people looking in the windows wasn’t such a great idea after all . " 
former prairie home companion host garrison keillor has been fired by minnesota public radio over allegations of sexually inappropriate behavior . keillor issued an apology to his three living fans . 
in a tweet this morning , donald trump suggested that joe scarborough is a murderer . this is a big step up for trump - it’s the first time he’s connected a crime to a white guy . 
two properties associated with donald trump have decided to remove his name from their buildings . sadly , neither one is the white house . 
former white house adviser steve bannon is heading to alabama to campaign for embattled candidate roy moore . it’s part of their " they deserve each other " tour . 
nintendo has teamed with kelloggs to make a mario brothers cereal . kelloggs promises that the super mario cereal will " taste like plumber . " 
a new study finds that men with thick biceps are more likely to live longer . the study also found that i died 10 years ago . 
the today show team hosted the lighting of the rockefeller christmas tree and there was no mention of matt lauer . nbc executives said , " we think one exposed piece of wood is enough for tonight . " 
matt lauer got a public message of support from geraldo rivera . in response , lauer said , " my god , now i’ve really hit rock bottom . " 
two large properties associated with donald trump have decided to disassociate from him . one is the trump soho hotel , and the other is the kremlin . 
a sixth woman has come forward to accuse senator al franken of sexually inappropriate behavior . on the plus side , if franken resigns as senator from minnesota , he could still be elected the senator from alabama . 
it’s come out that roy moore once co - authored a textbook which argues that women shouldn’t run for public office . that is surprising since his current girlfriend is currently running for hall monitor . 
pope francis visited a buddhist country and made some controversial remarks . the worst was when the pope saw a statue of buddha and said , " at least , my god has abs . " 
an ohio based company made a cup holder for dip that attaches to a dashboard so you can eat chips and dip while you drive . i don’t have a joke about this , i just wanted to remind you we’re still the greatest country in the world . 
president trump endorsed republican senate candidate roy moore , despite the fact that moore has been accused of molesting minors . when asked why he endorsed moore , trump said , " us gross guys gotta stick together . " 
trump created a lot of controversy by endorsing roy moore . today , trump praised moore as someone who reaches out to young people . 
a new book claims that for donald trump , the four basic food groups are " mcdonald ' s , kfc , pizza and diet coke . " when they heard , the american people were outraged and said , " diet coke ? " 
economists project that the new republican tax bill will lead to a $ 1 trillion deficit . it’s the first thing to lose $ 1 trillion since " the emoji movie . " 
due to the harassment scandal , matt lauer ' s wife has now left the country . she said , " i want to be where in the world matt lauer isn’t . " 
time magazine has published a short list of nominees for person of the year , and it includes colin kaepernick , donald trump , and robert mueller . if it’s a three - way tie , that ' s going to be one awkward photo shoot . 
it ' s come out that beyonce changes her email address on a weekly basis . and get this , it’s because of me ! 
russia has been banned from the winter olympics . but don’t feel bad , russia - even though you won’t win any gold medals , you did win the us presidential election . 
yesterday , another woman came forward with proof from the 1980s that roy moore pursued her when she was 17 . moore said , " what can i say , back then i was into older women . " 
a spokeswoman for roy moore has defended him , saying there are plenty of women in alabama that he didn’t sexually abuse . she said , " we prefer to look at the glass as ' half - ungroped . ' " 
a new report says mike pence ' s wife thinks donald trump is " totally vile . " coincidentally , donald trump’s wife thinks donald trump is " totally vile . " 
it ' s being reported that when mike pence was in college he ratted on his fraternity for having a keg . pence told his fraternity brothers , " beer ? the next thing you know you’ll be inviting women over ! " 
the state of montana is suing the maker of oxycontin over the opioid epidemic . in a related story , the state of wisconsin announced it is suing food . 
pizza hut is planning to start adding alcohol to their deliveries . this , of course , raises the question : " which wine pairs best with terrible pizza ? " 
a man in florida is in trouble for exposing his penis to his uber driver . the driver said , " that’s not what i meant when i asked for a tip . " 
time magazine announced its person of the year today and it is not president trump . when asked for comment , the white house said , " shhh , we haven’t told him yet . keep it down ! because he’s crazy ! " 
in an interview , senate candidate roy moore ' s spokesperson said his accusers gave " academy award performances . " then moore interrupted and said , " i just wish they’d been teen choice awards… " 
amazon has now made it possible for you to create a shopping profile for your pet . in fact , today , vladimir putin created one for donald trump . 
this morning , vladimir putin announced he’s gonna run for re - election . then this afternoon , he announced he won . 
president trump ' s border wall prototypes are being tested this week to see if they can be climbed , broken through , or gotten around . spoiler alert : they can . 
vladimir putin announced he ' s running for reelection as president of russia . putin’s campaign slogan is " i made america great again . " 
first lady melania trump and second lady karen pence visited texas . melania was overheard saying , " we’re near the border , let’s make a run for it . " 
during a speech on tv yesterday , president trump was heard slurring . trump denied it , saying , " i save all my slurs for muslims . " 
the fda has approved a new drug that fights both diabetes and obesity . when they heard , dunkin’ donuts said , " oh bitch , it is on . " 
ireland will be collecting $ 15 billion from apple in a settlement over back taxes . ireland will receive the money on friday , and guinness will have it all by monday . 
a new york woman is suing her surgeon claiming he was on his cell phone during her operation . in response , the doctor said , " for your information , i was googling ' how to perform surgery . ' " 
amazon is now making it possible to create a shopping profile for your cat . yeah , all you have to do is go to amazon and type in " i am single . " 
trump just made even more people angry - he plans to recognize lannisport as the capital of westeros . 
in a new article on president trump , it says he views each workday like an episode of a tv show . in a way , trump’s right , because with his low ratings people are wondering why he hasn’t been canceled yet . 
over the weekend , president trump was in mississippi speaking at the civil rights museum , and he called civil rights " big , big stuff . " to be fair , trump was just paraphrasing dr . king’s famous speech , " i have a thing . " 
in tomorrow’s election , alabama has to choose between two things they find abhorrent - a pedophile and a democrat . 
last week , a youtube prankster had his friends cement his head into a microwave oven to make a mold of his features . unfortunately , he’s going to be ok . 
tonight is the first night of hanukkah . this afternoon , president trump marked the occasion by wishing the jewish people " merry christmas . " 
this morning , president trump made three inaccurate statements in one tweet . or as trump called it , " my personal best . " 
scientists have found fossils from the ice age in los angeles while digging subway tunnels . l . a . residents were amazed and said , " we have a subway ? " 
it ' s starting to look like the russia investigation will finally bring trump down . and by bring down , i mean get him reelected . 
today is martin luther king jr . day . just to break it down for you young people , a long time ago there used to be something called " racism . " 
congress is questioning twitter about allowing extremists on their site . in response , twitter said , " we have to , he ' s the president . " 
north korea and south korea are considering having a joint women ' s ice hockey team for the olympics . of course , when a north korean player enters the penalty box , they’re never seen again . 
saudi arabia has lifted a thirty - five - year ban on movie theaters , and the first movie to screen publicly was " the emoji movie . " so the ban is back on . 
president trump broke with tradition and spent martin luther king jr . day playing golf instead of performing a community service . however many people say that any time donald trump ' s not in the white house , he’s performing a community service . 
president trump had a physical today . after trump ' s exam , his doctor said he found " no cognitive or mental issues whatsoever . " but the doctor did say , " keep in mind , i am a proctologist . " 
president trump’s doctor predicted that the president will live a long life . as a result , the doctor is now treating melania trump for depression . 
miners in africa have found a massive 910 carat diamond worth tens of millions of dollars . the diamond will go to either a museum or to beyoncé the next time jay - z cheats on her . 
the mormon church has picked a new leader and he’s 93 years old . which is why they’re getting together on friday to pick another new leader . 
everybody ' s talking about president trump ' s physical exam yesterday . medical experts are saying that considering his eating habits , president trump is surprisingly healthy . when told this , melania said , " ok , time for plan b . " 
it ' s come out that president trump enjoys eating cheeseburgers in bed , which explains why melania likes to go to bed disguised as a salad . 
in an interview , former porn star stormy daniels said she had an affair with donald trump in 2006 . to which stormy’s shocked husband said , " wait , you told me i was your first ! " 
the pentagon is reportedly considering nuclear retaliation as a response to cyber attacks by hackers . the biggest challenge is building missiles that can penetrate a mother’s basement . 
during a political protest on capitol hill today , eighty - two rabbis were arrested . it’s the first time dc police have dispersed a crowd by spraying them with bacon bits . 
after the results of his physical were released , many americans are claiming president trump is lying about his weight . in other words , maybe he really is one of us . 
doctors are saying the result of president trump ' s physical revealed that he is borderline obese . in fairness , he did promise us growth . 
president trump is now claiming his approval rating among black americans has doubled . in other words , ben carson voted twice . 
north korea has announced that it will send a group of citizens called the " cheering squad " to next month’s winter olympics . and many of them are expected to actually compete in a new event called the " 400 meter defection . " 
professional race car driver danica patrick is dating again , after breaking up with her previous boyfriend , a nascar driver . when asked why that relationship didn’t work out , patrick explained , " we were just going in circles . " 
good news for washington , the government shutdown is over . the bad news for us , our government is back to work . 
the author of the new book on the trump administration said that president trump is currently cheating on melania . when she heard , melania said , " thank god . " 
an abc news poll showed that 48% of americans think president trump is mentally unstable . the remaining 52% agree but that’s what they like about him . 
matt lauer’s wife has reportedly kicked him out of the house . even worse , she’s replaced him with hoda . 
china has banned hip hop from chinese television , which is bad news for china ' s biggest hip hop star , the notorious msg . 
yesterday was the trumps ' 13th wedding anniversary and i looked it up - the traditional gift for the 13th anniversary is lace . for a second , melania got excited and said , " i thought you said , ' mace . ' " 
this morning , meryl streep was nominated for an academy award . or as that ' s called in los angeles , " the first sign of spring . " 
christopher plummer , who replaced kevin spacey in a film , received an oscar nomination . afterwards , plummer called spacey to thank him for being a creep . 
in the news yesterday , north korea suggested that it would like to reunite with south korea . i think something’s up because today south korea gave north korea its netflix password . 
first lady melania trump decided not to go on a trip to switzerland with president trump and instead she visited a holocaust museum . when asked why , melania said , " it just sounded like more fun . " 
it ' s come out that bernie sanders met with staffers to discuss a presidential run in 2020 . apparently , bernie’s first question will be , " will i still be alive ? " 
the baltimore ravens first - round pick was arrested on robbery charges . in other words , he’s going to fit right in . 
there’s a new harry potter - themed cruise , and tickets start at $ 4 , 000 a person . for that price you get an owl , you get a wand , and you get to be alone for the rest of your life . 
after the grammys , jay - z got into a twitter feud with president trump . it turns out , the most powerful man in the world doesn’t like president trump . 
hillary clinton was on last night ' s grammys . hillary lost to bruno mars , despite beating him by 3 million votes . 
in a new interview , president trump revealed that he tweets in bed . when asked if this were true , melania said , " how the hell would i know ? " 
after numerous complaints from native americans , the cleveland indians will get rid of their mascot , chief wahoo , in 2019 . the indians said , " we realize our mascot is really offensive and racially insensitive so we’re going to wait a year and then get rid of it . " 
in florida , a 7 - year - old boy was arrested for punching his teacher . or as they call that in florida , " a prodigy . " 
on thursday , kfc announced that colonel sanders will now be played by reba mcentire . people haven’t been this shocked since 2007 when i took over for the wendy’s girl . 
president trump gave his state of the union address and as per tradition , someone who opposes the president gave the rebuttal . so this year’s rebuttal was given by melania . 
trump said he now supports a plan for young immigrants to become citizens . when asked why , trump said , " because i may have to look for a new wife soon . " 
bernie sanders gave a rebuttal to trump ' s state of the union address . sanders ' speech lasted about 20 minutes with two pee breaks . 
president trump ' s approval rating is above 50% in just a handful of states . those states include georgia , mississippi , and denial . 
in his speech last night , president trump said , let us " set aside our differences and seek common ground . " trump said this because like any good speaker he always opens with a joke . 
in last night ' s speech , president trump reportedly didn’t stray from the teleprompter once . friends are saying it’s the longest donald trump has stayed faithful to anything . 
google has a new service called " flights " that is now able to predict flight delays . how it works is , if you’re flying united , your flight ' s delayed . 
california is looking into creating a state bank for the legal marijuana industry . they’re gonna call it the california bank of dank stank . 
president trump has decided not to take part in the traditional presidential super bowl interview . apparently , trump is worried he might not pass the nfl’s concussion protocol . 
it’s come out that president trump ' s director of communications , hope hicks , may have partially obstructed justice . trump said he’s furious with hicks because he hired her to fully obstruct justice . 
justin timberlake says there will be no * nsync reunion during the super bowl . the patriots are upset because now it means they’ll be the most hated guys on the field . 
today is the first day of black history month , which is why president trump gave a shout - out to his three favorite black people : ben carson , omarosa , and ben carson . 
the preserved forearm of a sixteenth - century saint is on a tour across canada . and get this . . . tickets are still available . 
the new england patriots were beaten by the philadelphia eagles 41 - 33 . eagles fans started fires and punched police horses , and then they sat down to watch the super bowl . 
during super bowl celebrations in philadelphia yesterday , an eagles fan got so carried away , he ate horse poop right off the street . in his defense , the man thought it was dog poop . 
a lot of people are mad about a ram truck ad that used the words of dr . martin luther king jr . the people were particularly suspicious of the part where dr . king says , " civil rights are ram - tastic ! " 
it has come out that patriots ' fans turned to porn immediately after the super bowl . well ladies and gentlemen , as a patriot’s fan , i’d just like to say that i , for one , waited for my guests to leave . 
after decades of bitter fighting , north korea and south korea will march together in the winter olympics . even more unbelievable , yesterday melania trump went to ohio with her husband . 
officials at the winter olympics have stocked the olympic village with over 100 , 000 condoms . in other words , it sounds like bob costas will be there . 
the mexican - american judge that donald trump insulted may hear a case about his border wall . it’s the landmark case of donald trump vs . payback’s a bitch . 
in san diego , a girl scout is in trouble for selling cookies outside a legal weed dispensary . however , the girl isn’t worried , because she is now worth $ 200 million . 
today is our 4 , 000th show . my parents called to congratulate me and to tell me that one day soon they’re going to watch one . 
it ' s been reported that they ' ll be handing out over 100 , 000 condoms in the olympic village . after hearing about it , americans everywhere said , " now that’s the show we wanna watch . " 
today , nancy pelosi spoke on the house floor in support of immigrants who don’t want to be sent back to their home countries . then melania trump spoke on behalf of immigrants who want to be sent back to their home countries . 
the makers of crocs have come out with a special high - fashion pair that sells for $ 850 . crocs said the upscale sandals are the perfect shoe for wealthy men who are tired of getting laid . 
an appeals court ruled that president trump has to pay 25 million dollars to trump university students . so… if you think about it , trump’s not lying when he says graduates of trump university make a lot of money . 
mercedes - benz has apologized for quoting the dalai lama in its advertising and ford apologized for claiming the dalai lama will be reincarnated as a ford mustang . 
at the end of the olympics ' closing ceremony , they officially announced the next city that’s gonna host . so , congratulations to wakanda ! 
at the pyeongchang olympics , a number of speed records were broken . by far the fastest was mike pence running away from male figure skaters . 
over the weekend , a lot of major companies announced they will be cutting ties with the nra including delta , hertz and metlife . and here’s the one that shocked me - today the nra got dropped by isis . 
at the annual meeting of conservatives called cpac , a woman who criticized donald trump was booed and escorted out by security . this is the third time this has happened to melania . 
in a fashion show that took place yesterday , dolce & gabbana sent their handbags down the runway on drones instead of models . but first , each drone was forced to lose 10 pounds . 
the ceo of seaworld has stepped down . he’s going to be getting a $ 10 million retirement package - if he can jump up and catch it with his mouth . 
kylie jenner ' s baby daughter has made her debut on snapchat at one month old . in the kardashian world , that is known as a " late bloomer . " 
in an interview this week , barbara streisand revealed that she cloned her favorite dog , twice . barbara said , " i couldn’t help myself , he was delicious . " 
the # 1 reason that prospective applicants are rejected from the show " the bachelor " is herpes . apparently , you can’t get on the show if you don’t have it . 
the las vegas airport has asked passengers to dispose of their marijuana in a special box . in a related story at las vegas airport today , willie nelson was found hiding in a box . 
oprah said that she asked god if she should run for president and so far she hasn’t heard back . when reached for comment , god said he was still working up the courage to speak to oprah . 
white house communications director hope hicks reportedly admitted to investigators that she told some " white lies " on behalf of president trump . then hicks admitted that that was a white lie and in fact she actually makes up shit all the time . 
jared kushner no longer has top secret security clearance . so now if kushner wants access to classified information , he’ll have to read president trump’s tweets like everybody else . 
yesterday , china banned the letter n from its internet . or , as china is now called , chia . 
papa john’s announced they will no longer be a sponsor for the nfl . after hearing this , peyton manning said , " wait - you mean i’ve been eating this crap for nothing ? " 
in arizona , after a couple found out that a house they just bought had been used to shoot pornos , they withdrew their offer . well , technically , they pulled out . 
oprah said she asked god for a sign on whether or not she should run for president , but she hasn’t had a sign yet . then someone pointed out , trump being president is the sign . 
walmart announced that they will not sell guns to people under 21 . walmart added , " but if you’re 22 and pissed off , come on down ! " 
starbucks has opened a new store that serves alcohol . starbucks said the biggest challenge was figuring out a way to burn wine . 
kfc announced it is running out of gravy . when they heard , people in wisconsin rushed to the local red cross to donate . 
there ' s a new dating app where you try to find someone compatible by giving a sample of dna . which is weird , because i thought exchanging dna was supposed to happen at the end of the date . 
first lady melania trump said that she is proud of the administration ' s opioid program . melania added , " for example , i haven’t felt a thing since january 2017 . " 
the academy awards were last night and two of the biggest awards went to mexican director guillermo del toro . so i’m guessing president trump did not win his oscar pool . 
some republicans are really angry about a joke at last night’s oscars made about mike pence . my advice to those republicans - don’t watch the tony’s . 
the president of china basically declared himself president for life . in a related story , president trump was declared president for , " what seems like a lifetime . " 
jared kushner lost his security clearance , and now he and ivanka are trying to figure out their new limited roles . so far their plan is to do terrible things on a much smaller scale . 
pizza hut introduced a pair of athletic shoes that have a button that orders pizza . when they heard about it , fans of pizza hut said , " what are athletic shoes ? " 
president trump warned there may be more people leaving the white house soon . after hearing this , prosecutor robert mueller said , " funny , i was just about to say the same thing . " 
after being summoned to a grand jury , former trump aide sam nunberg went on four different cable news shows , said crazy things , and had a complete meltdown . when he saw this performance , president trump was shocked and said , " former trump aide ? how could i have let this guy go ? " 
president trump claimed there is " no chaos " at the white house . just then a pair of chimpanzees crashed through the oval office on a stolen snowmobile . 
president trump promised his tariffs on steel and aluminum would be applied in a " loving way . " congratulations president trump , you can even make tariffs creepy . 
the world ' s oldest message in a bottle was found off the coast of australia . all the 131 - year - old message said was " u up ? " 
in minnesota , a 14 - year - old boy announced plans to one day become america’s first muslim president . after hearing this , president obama winked and said , " you mean , second . " 
snapchat is laying off 100 employees . a spokesperson for the company said , " it’s weird , it’s like they were here a second ago and they just disappeared . " 
the porn star that claims she had an affair with the president is now suing him . man , it’s so weird - it’s almost as if we did elect a clinton ! 
the new florida weapons bill would allow librarians to arm themselves . now , in a related story , talking in florida libraries is down 99% . 
a town in israel is building an amusement park that some are calling , " the jewish disneyland . " the jewish disneyland still has snow white and the seven dwarfs except " doc " is the chief of cardiology at cedars - sinai . 
nickelodeon is bringing back the popular preschoolers ' tv show , " blue’s clues . " there’s one slight change - blue only solves triple homicides . 
it ' s been reported that britain ' s queen elizabeth has made over nine million dollars betting on horse racing . when asked to comment , queen elizabeth said , " that’s nothing ! i’ve won $ 20 million on dog fighting . " 
there ' s an attempt to silence porn star stormy daniels by president trump ' s lawyer . it’s kind of sad that , in that sentence , the most degrading job mentioned was " president trump ' s lawyer . " 
president trump is planning a meeting about violence with the heads of the video game industry . however , some people worry that it’s just a trap so that trump can deport the mario brothers . 
in the northeast , one million people are without power because of a blizzard . and in wisconsin , one million people are without power because of gerrymandering . 
it ' s come out that under president trump , abstinence - only education is making a comeback . in fact , melania trump said , " abstinence saved my marriage ! " 
it ' s international women’s day . what better way to celebrate than watching " conan ? " 
on friday , marvel announced that there will be a black panther sequel . marvel ' s ceo said , " it was a difficult decision but ultimately we decided to make another billion dollars . " 
beyoncé announced that she is going on tour this summer with jay - z . it’s the " i ' m keeping an eye on him " tour . 
fox news is about to debut its new tag line . instead of " fair and balanced , " they ' re going with “thanks for watching , mr . president . ” 
the trump administration is about to unveil its middle east peace plan . it involves giving everyone guns . 
in an interview , education secretary betsy devos says she’s not unqualified for the job , just " misunderstood . " the actual word she used was " misunderstoodinated . " 
costco is selling a doomsday food kit that can feed a typical family for a year . walmart sells the same kit , but it only feeds a typical walmart family for six days . 
a nightclub in miami has lost its business license after a woman brought a horse onto the dance floor . in the nightclub ' s defense , the horse ' s id looked real . 
the man who gained notoriety for having sex with a dolphin says he thought " the shape of water " was " good , if a little long . " which is also what the dolphin said about him . 
president trump fired his secretary of state rex tillerson on twitter . it makes sense when you consider that trump hired tillerson on tinder . 
rex tillerson reportedly doesn’t know why he was fired . at least , that ' s according to tillerson ' s roommates , sean spicer and omarosa . 
under president trump , abstinence - only education is making a comeback . or as trump told teenagers , " do as i say , not as i paid someone $ 130 , 000 to shut up about my doing . " 
" 60 minutes " just interviewed betsy devos and they’re about to interview stormy daniels . that’s right , two women equally qualified to be education secretary . 
hbo has hinted that the final season of " game of thrones " will include many , many deaths . in fact , hbo said if they run out of characters they ' ll have to start killing people on the show " ballers . " 
last week , major league baseball team the kansas city royals hosted an anti - porn seminar . no one attended . 
a couple in afghanistan has named their baby " donald trump . " not because they like trump - because their baby is always awake at 3 am throwing a tantrum . 
vladimir putin has been re - elected to a fourth term as president of russia . the final vote tally was : 76% putin , 24% shot this morning . 
people who ran the la marathon said it was nice to finally get from downtown los angeles to santa monica in less than four hours . 
in indiana , police found a man at a white castle with a container of dangerous chemicals . the man at a white castle with the dangerous chemicals is known as " the cook . " 
language - teaching app duolingo recently added klingon to its course selection . by the way , if you have the duolingo app on your phone and you use it to learn klingon , you can delete tinder . 
porn star stormy daniels answered yes when asked during a polygraph test if she had had " vaginal intercourse " with donald trump . the person who administered the polygraph called her answer " truthful " and " disgusting " in that order . 
it’s come out that the president ' s son , donald trump jr . had an affair with a contestant on " celebrity apprentice . " trump jr . defended himself , saying , " have you seen gary busey ' s legs ? " 
earlier today , president trump called vladimir putin and congratulated him on his presidential win . coincidentally , trump made the same call to putin on nov 9 , 2016 . 
china is pressuring washington not to impose big tariffs on its steel . you can tell china ' s playing hardball because today they said , " remember - we have your new iphones… " 
a 102 - year - old woman broke a pair of world track and field records . the 102 - year - old ran the 100 - meter dash with a time of " february . " 
according to a study , being a new mother is the equivalent of working two and a half full - time jobs . and , even worse , the boss is constantly grabbing for your breasts . 
president trump is now being sued by a porn star , a reality star , and a playboy model - or as trump’s evangelical supporters call that , " the holy trinity . " 
in addition to president trump , it turns out kim jong - un also called putin to congratulate him on his election victory . afterward , putin said , " wow , i’m hearing from all the crazies . " 
during president trump ' s call to vladimir putin , he congratulated the russian leader despite a message from his staff that read " do not congratulate . " which is why today melania sent him a message that read " do not divorce . " 
youtube is planning a " karate kid " series that follows the characters 34 years later . the show is entitled , " ralph macchio’s mortgage is due . " 
the queen of england is planning a huge concert for her 92nd birthday . the queen made the decision right after finding out pitbull is available . 
during her " 60 minutes " interview , adult film actress stormy daniels revealed intimate details of her alleged affair with president trump . apparently , during climax , donald trump shouts " donald trump . " 
stormy daniels had a few startling revelations about donald trump . for example , trump has two comb overs . 
thanks to their interview with adult film star stormy daniels , " 60 minutes " had its best ratings in a decade . which explains next week’s segment : " ron jeremy investigates steel tariffs . " 
some people are saying that because evangelicals are supporting donald trump , they’re actually helping to bring porn into the mainstream . in response , evangelicals say , " we’re in favor of any situation that makes people scream ' oh god ! ' " 
the two people that president trump has not criticized on twitter are vladimir putin and stormy daniels . of course , trump was spanked in a hotel room by one and then he had sex with stormy daniels . 
the 2020 census is asking a new question that many say is invasive and inappropriate . the question is : " are you gryffindor or hufflepuff ? " 
a new report says that president trump has been hiring people for his administration based on how they perform on television . so congratulations to our new secretary of housing and urban development , mr . andy richter ! 
president trump ' s approval rating has gone up to 45% . at this rate , he is two porn stars away from being re - elected . 
facebook announced major changes to its privacy settings . apparently , they’re going to start having some . 
scientists have invented sensors that you can mount onto your teeth to track your diet from inside your mouth . or - you could just eat less . 
a man in the uk has a case of what scientists are calling the world’s worst super - gonorrhea . but because of his british accent , women still want to sleep with him . 
ireland will be opening its first nude beach this april . and in may , ireland will be closing its first nude beach . 
at this year ' s white house easter egg roll , the winning child gets to fire the trump cabinet member of their choice . 
my son pranked me early this morning with the old " sledgehammer to the back of the head . " 
my son asked if i ' d take him to see sherlock gnomes and i told him , " gnome thanks . " i’ve been waiting for a high - five for three days now . 
when i was a kid , i thought by now we’d be living on the moon and zipping around in flying cars and sleeping in the same room as your wife . 
the fbi raided the offices of president trump ' s personal attorney , michael cohen . out of habit , cohen offered the agents $ 130 , 000 to keep the whole thing quiet . 
president trump is now claiming he had no idea about the $ 130 , 000 paid to silence stormy daniels . trump said , " all i know is it wasn’t enough . " 
president trump tweeted yesterday that he and china’s president xi " will always be friends . " then president xi tweeted back , " new phone , who dis ? " 
an nfl player was arrested for making a " bomb " joke at an airport . so ladies and gentlemen , it’s official , nfl players have now been arrested for every single type of crime . 
at bill cosby’s new trial , a woman protested topless in order to make bill cosby feel " uncomfortable . " legal experts are describing the effort as " a failure . " 
facebook founder mark zuckerberg met privately with members of congress before his scheduled hearing . he told each member of congress , " remember , i know your browser history . " 
facebook has announced a way for users to " unsend " messages . all you do is go to the message center and click the button marked " i was drunk . " 
senator lindsey graham asked mark zuckerberg if there was anything else like facebook , and zuckerberg said , " no . " and at that exact moment , tom from myspace took his own life . 
experts say the majority of facebook users had their data harvested from taking online quizzes . so it’s worse than we thought - now , russia also knows how stupid we are . 
sources say the fbi raided michael cohen ' s office to gather information on all of the women the president had affairs with . the raid is currently entering its 27th hour . 
a motorcycle gang in canada is attacking businesses they don’t like by giving them mass one - star reviews online . they ' re the fearsome badass biker gang known as " yelp ' s angels . " 
an arizona mom was arrested after her toddler ate mac and cheese laced with marijuana . the arizona mom was charged with impersonating a florida mom . 
it was reported that president trump is doing nothing right now but angrily fuming , eating , and watching tv . in other words , it sounds like trump is turning into a trump voter . 
mark zuckerberg completed day two of his congressional testimony about security breaches . things got a little tense when zuckerberg referred to each senator by their pin number . 
while he was testifying yesterday , facebook stock went up and mark zuckerberg , just during his testimony , made 3 billion dollars . when he heard that , tom from myspace also offered to testify . 
house speaker paul ryan said he is not seeking re - election because he wants to spend more time with his kids . ryan said , " as a dad , there comes a time when you want to be there to take away their healthcare in person . " 
former house speaker john boehner has joined the board of a marijuana company and today he said his " thinking on cannabis has evolved . " that can only mean really one thing : his grandson showed him how to use a bong . 
dea officials have seized 500 pounds of meth concealed inside disney figurines , which explains why goofy is missing all but two teeth . 
it’s come out that the national enquirer paid president trump’s doorman $ 30 , 000 so they could kill a story about trump . isn’t that shocking ? a trump employee actually got paid . 
the national enquirer paid $ 30 , 000 for a story about president trump having a love child but then buried the story . the enquirer said , " we did it to protect the child from finding out his father is donald trump . " 
the navy is calling for new weapons so they can fight much more effectively against russia . the # 1 weapon they’re asking for is " a different president . " 
the city of anchorage , alaska has voted down a " bathroom bill " that discriminates against transgendered people . residents said , " you know , it’s so cold here in alaska we can’t tell what genitals you have anyway . " 
starbucks is opening its first store in uruguay . actually , the starbucks was supposed to open in uganda , but a barista signed the paperwork . 
one of the world ' s top donkey kong players has been stripped of his records for cheating . he was going to be sentenced to life , but turns out he doesn’t have one . 
it ' s come out today that president trump ' s lawyer michael cohen also represents fox news host sean hannity . apparently , cohen would pay women $ 130 , 000 to watch hannity’s show . 
more people watched the interview with porn star stormy daniels than the interview with james comey . and for some reason , her videos on pornhub are way more popular than his . 
james comey says he believes that the russians may have damaging information on president trump . for example , the russians claim to have video footage of everything trump has ever said on television . 
meghan markle’s nephew is creating a strain of marijuana called the " markle sparkle . " the marijuana is so strong it renders you as useless as a member of the royal family . 
scientists are predicting that in a few years we ' ll be able to smell the tv shows we watch . this is good news for every single show except " dog the bounty hunter . " 
this morning , twitter went down for almost an hour . as a result , president trump was forced to open a window and start yelling at people on the street . 
it was reported today that president trump has been pushing for women ' s health programs that are based on abstinence . trump said , " it was actually my wife’s idea… " 
earlier today , former porn star stormy daniels appeared on " the view . " stormy said , " this is weird , i’m not used to being watched by millions of women . " 
there’s talk of legalizing marijuana in utah . however , mormons are worried that marijuana may be a gateway drug to coffee . 
an 18 - year - old has started a gofundme page so he can achieve his dream of taking a bath in kfc gravy . so far , most of his donations have been provided by the make a sad wish foundation . 
the louisiana state senate has passed a ban on sex with animals by a vote of 25 - 10 . the exact vote was 25 neighs to 10 moos . 
president trump tweeted that the sketch of the man stormy daniels accused of threatening her life is " fake . " trump said , " it looks nothing like me . " 
once again , president trump has referred to mar - a - lago as " the southern white house . " of course , when trump refers to the actual white house , he refers to it as , " the western kremlin . " 
it ' s come out that cia director mike pompeo recently had a secret meeting with kim jong - un . when asked how it all came about , pompeo said , " i swiped right . " 
republicans in congress are urging the fbi to launch an investigation into hillary clinton . man , hillary clinton - what did she do over two years ago now ? 
spacex is planning to build a mars rocket right here in los angeles . the voyage to mars will take nine months , but eight of those months will be spent just getting out of l . a . 
in florida , an 87 - year - old man has donated 100 gallons of blood throughout his lifetime . and the weird thing is , only half of it is his . 
scientists have developed a robot that can assemble a chair from ikea almost as fast as a human . sadly , in the process of assembling it , the robot has a huge fight with his wife . 
thanks to a rule change , babies are now allowed on the us senate floor . in the spirit of the new rules , today in the senate , orrin hatch had his diaper changed . 
president trump ' s new nominee to head nasa is a republican congressman with no science background . or as that’s called in the trump administration , " overqualified . " 
patriots tight end rob gronkowski bought a stake in a kentucky derby racehorse that was named after him . the million - dollar animal bred for its ability to run fast says he ' s excited to own a share in a horse . 
camping at coachella has been delayed this weekend because of high winds . then someone realized they just forgot to turn off beyoncé’s wind machine . 
this weekend is the 80th birthday of superman . now that he’s 80 , superman is rendered helpless by kryptonite and his email password . 
negotiations to buy the company that makes adderall ended today without a deal . meanwhile , talks to buy the maker of cialis lasted over four hours so they had to call a doctor . 
no one on earth has ever said , " hooray ! salmon burgers ! " 
i really , really , really want to see donald trump spell " rudy giuliani . " 
thanks to the royal baby , today was the first time in a long time that the breaking news wasn ' t about donald trump . which is weird , ' cause usually # royalbaby is about donald trump . 
a video of former president obama making melania trump smile has gone viral . it’s historic – the first time a president has brought joy to melania . 
according to james comey ' s memos , over dinner president trump vigorously denied that he spent a night in moscow during the 2013 miss universe pageant . which is weird because all comey asked him was , " can you pass the salt ? ” 
president trump tweeted that he may pardon someone because sylvester stallone asked him to . the pardon is for the guy who wrote " rocky v . " 
today in the bill cosby trial , the defense rested . and for once , cosby had nothing to do with it . 
when president emmanuel macron greeted president trump , he kissed trump on both cheeks . then out of habit , michael cohen showed up and handed macron $ 130 , 000 . 
white house physician dr . ronny jackson has been accused of drinking on the job . today , jackson defended himself saying , " you’d drink too if you saw donald trump naked . " 
the internet erupted after melania trump was photographed wearing a beyoncé - style hat . and , just like beyoncé , melania is recording an album about her cheating husband . 
old navy has announced plans to open 60 more stores this year . this is great news for guys who say , " i love khakis , but i just wish they fell apart faster . " 
in santa monica , a man was arrested for masturbating during an uber ride . the driver got suspicious when the man kept saying , " arriving in two minutes . " 
kanye west tweeted a lot of praise for president trump . kanye called trump , " my brother , " and trump called kanye , " my one black supporter . " 
french president macron told congress he disagrees with president trump on the iran nuclear deal and climate change . macron said , " but other than things that could destroy the entire world , we’re on the same page ! " 
body language experts say all the touching between presidents trump and macron was an exercise in primate - like male dominance . and here’s the good news for americans - apparently our baboon won . 
it ' s being reported that veteran ' s administration nominee dr . ronny jackson is known as " the candy man " in the white house because he gave out prescriptions " like candy . " so , now we can all stop asking ourselves , " how does melania do it ? " 
bookmakers are giving odds on the royal baby ' s new name and the name that came in dead last is " wayne . " which is too bad , because i’d love to hear the royal guards say , " please rise for his royal highness , lil wayne . " 
as my father used to say , a frown is just a smile that ' s been rotated 180 degrees on its x - axis , assuming the origin is located at the longitudinal midpoint of said frown . 
president trump welcomed the president of nigeria to the white house . the meeting started awkwardly when trump said , " c ' mon in , kanye ! " 
porn star stormy daniels is suing president trump for defamation for something he said in a tweet . when they heard this , muslims , african americans , gays , and hillary clinton said , " you can do that ? " 
the tree planted on the white house lawn by president trump and french president macron has been removed and taken away . after hearing about it , melania disguised herself as a tree . 
" avengers : infinity war " pulled in $ 640 million dollars worldwide . that works out to a million dollars for each superhero in the movie . 
pinterest has a new feature that makes it more accessible to blind people . and not to be outdone , tinder is adding a voice that tells blind people , " this person is fatter in real life . " 
a list of questions that robert mueller wants to ask president trump was leaked to the media last night . it turns out 10 of the questions for trump are just , " wtf , dude ? " 
it ' s come out that for years , president trump has been taking a prescription drug to combat hair loss . the drug ' s side effects include headaches , dry mouth , and running for president just to promote your fake university . 
as of this month , michael cohen reportedly now owes $ 280 , 000 to back taxes . isn’t that incredible ? there’s a porn star named " back taxes . " 
the leaders of south korea , china , and japan are planning to meet next week to discuss north korea . president trump will not attend , because he says , " i’m tired of trying to tell them apart . " 
amazon ceo jeff bezos says he is planning to spend the majority of his fortune getting himself into space . he said , " i’ve seen what you people buy , and i don’t want to be near you . " 
in florida , a man crashed his car , was found to be in possession of meth , and then tried to flee the accident to get more meth . police are describing the man as " armed and consistent . " 
whole foods is under fire for helping found an asian restaurant called " yellow fever . " the idea came from their ceo who goes by the name , " white idiot . " 
kanye west is under fire for an interview with tmz where he described slavery as " a choice . " you know , it’s never a good sign when the moral high ground in a room is held by the people of tmz . 
a group of house republicans has nominated president trump for a nobel peace prize . as evidence , they pointed out that trump has managed to avoid an all - out war with north korea and melania . 
yale university has taken back the honorary degree it gave bill cosby . it’s particularly embarrassing because it was a phd in chemistry . 
harry potter author j . k . rowling apologized for killing the character dobby the house elf in book seven . then she issued a separate apology to people who’ve just finished reading book six . 
7 - eleven has announced they are going to be offering healthier options for their customers . the ceo said , " we want our customers to live to be as old as one of our hot dogs . " 
some critics are now saying that nasa will be unable to use spacex ' s rocket because it’s too small . however , spacex insists that it ' s just the cold weather . 
one of president trump ' s accusers is trying to subpoena recordings of trump from " the apprentice . " however , trump ' s legal team has refused , citing , " attorney - meatloaf privilege . " 
president trump ' s former doctor is now describing himself as " frightened and sad . " experts say that’s a common reaction to touching donald trump ' s prostate . 
white house insiders say that president trump feels comfortable with rudy giuliani because they’re from the same generation . giuliani said , " we share common values like hard work , patriotism , and ditching your first two wives . " 
a study reveals the best way to add years to your life is to exercise , lose weight , and not drink too much . to which all of america replied , " what else you got ? " 
a man in kansas was arrested after trying to have sex with the tailpipe of a car . he is being charged with " finding something to do in kansas . " 
nothing to worry about , trump’s doctor just inspected kanye and says he’s " perfectly normal . " 
according to a new article on melania trump , most evenings she does not have dinner with president trump . melania said , " occasionally , i’ll join him during his third breakfast . " 
rudy giuliani was on tv this weekend and said president trump may take the fifth . it ' s unclear if giuliani is referring to amendments or wives . 
sarah huckabee sanders said she is unaware of hush money payments made by president trump to other women . then sanders opened an envelope full of cash and said , " i’m sorry , i can’t talk anymore . " 
during their recent summit , the south korean president gave north korean leader kim jong - un a usb drive . kim jong - un said , " thank you , this looks delicious . " 
on saturday , elon musk tweeted that he wants to start a candy company . then today , elon musk tweeted that his candy company is already three months behind in production . 
on friday , a man in wisconsin broke a world record by eating his 30 , 000th big mac . meanwhile , another man broke a world record by eating at long john silver’s twice . 
today , president trump pulled out of the iran nuclear deal . out of habit , after pulling out , trump paid iran $ 130 , 000 . 
people are pointing out that melania trump ' s new kid ' s initiative " be best " sounds a lot like michelle obama’s initiative , " be better . " not only that , melania wants to copy michelle obama’s other idea of moving out of the white house immediately . 
president trump is urging west virginians to vote against a republican senate candidate who is a convicted felon . trump said , " i don’t want that guy in the senate - i want him to be my next lawyer ! " 
facebook founder mark zuckerberg is funding a major effort to find extraterrestrial life . zuckerberg said , " i truly believe somewhere out there is intelligent life whose personal data i can sell . " 
in a new interview , billionaire warren buffett called bitcoin " rat poison . " which is an unfair comparison because people actually understand how rat poison works . 
it ' s come out that red sox star mookie betts is related to soon - to - be royal meghan markle . this means , there’s a chance that one day there will be a " king mookie . " 
in utah , a couple gardening in their yard found the skeleton of a 16 , 000 - year - old horse . after hearing about it , arby’s asked , " any meat on those bones ? " 
three american citizens were released today after being held prisoner in north korea for as long as two years . but when they found out donald trump is the president , they immediately fled back to north korea . 
three american hostages detained in north korea have been set free . melania trump asked , " hey , if you’re freeing hostages , can i go too ? " 
president trump said his summit with kim jong - un will not take place at the dmz . trump said , " forget about it , everyone knows the lines at the dmz are too long . " 
best buy has redesigned their logo in order to make it more modern . best buy’s ceo said , " with this new logo , we’re going to sell a lot of vcrs . " 
an american airlines employee berated a young mom for carrying a breast pump . although it’s still better than the time the same mom was on spirit airlines and she was asked to feed everyone in coach . 
legendary rapper dr . dre lost a court battle with a gynecologist who is also named dr . drai . and adding to the confusion , the gynecologist refers to his patients as bitches and hoes . 
after years of imprisonment , the three hostages released by north korea yesterday arrived in washington d . c . at 3 am and were met by president trump . the hostages laughed and said , " so seriously… where’s the actual president ? " 
a new poll came out , it reveals the majority of americans approve of president trump meeting with kim jong - un . of course , the majority of americans also say they approve of trump becoming north korea ' s next hostage . 
it ' s been reported that a pharmaceutical company paid about a million dollars to michael cohen . cohen has denied any connection to drugmakers , saying , " why the very idea fills me with dizziness , dry mouth , and anal leakage ! " 
last night , a minor league hockey game lasted six hours and had five overtime periods . the game finally ended when they ran out of teeth . 
it was reported that in china , the standard work week is 9 am to 9 pm , six days a week . yeah , and that goes up to seven days a week if you’re a grown - up . 
the fda has approved a drug that will make it easier to get ready for your colonoscopy . this wonder drug is known as " five beers . " 
fun fact , if six members of the royal family die , meghan markle would become the queen of england . second fun fact , that used to be prince harry’s pick - up line . 
some royal wedding guests are already selling their gift bags on ebay . in fact , today queen elizabeth made 60 bucks . 
former president obama and mrs . obama have just signed a multi - year deal with netflix . meanwhile , president trump has just signed a multi - year deal with melania . 
starbucks announced that people may sit at their tables and use the bathroom even if they don’t purchase anything . starbucks said , " if just one person buys a venti latte , our costs are covered for the year . " 
actor hugh grant is marrying the mother of his three children . this news comes as a shock to the mother of his four children . 
the nypd is investigating allegations of sexual misconduct against celebrity chef mario batali . they ' re also investigating guy fieri for " crimes against the human colon . " 
a man was arrested for urinating on a seat during a frontier airlines flight . it’s the first time anyone has ever associated frontier airlines with number one . 
president trump met with the president of south korea to discuss north korea . the meeting consisted of five minutes about nuclear weapons , and 90 minutes of trump saying , " so wait – which korea are you again ? " 
president trump has demanded that congress investigate the special prosecutor who is investigating him . trump ' s remarks were published in this morning ' s issue of " things innocent people say . " 
a sinkhole has opened up on the white house lawn . so apparently , another one of melania ' s tunnels collapsed . 
the us postal service announced that they will release their first " scratch and sniff " stamps . that explains why they’ve canceled their " salute to kid rock . " 
during a court case in new zealand , a man was forced to have his penis measured . the man said , " this is the last time i fight a parking ticket . " 
robert de niro just announced that he will ban president trump from every one of his restaurants . now folks , this is worse than it sounds for trump , because de niro owns over 100 mcdonald’s in the tristate area . 
chili’s has unveiled a sandwich called the " boss burger " that contains five kinds of meat . not to be outdone , arby’s released a sandwich that contains some kind of meat . 
in california , a 102 - year - old man has set a world record by being the oldest person to publish a memoir . when asked what inspired the book , the man said , " what book ? " 
a new york judge has ruled that a 30 - year - old man must move out of his parents ' house . it was the landmark case of " new york vs . the art history major . " 
president trump cancelled his summit with kim jong - un saying it’s because of kim’s " open hostility . " trump said , " i will not tolerate hostility from a ' fat - faced little rocket man . " 
president trump informed kim jong - un that he was cancelling their summit by sending kim a personal letter . the disturbing part is trump signed the letter , " yours in crazy . " 
a new report says that the us military is running out of bombs . as of now , the pentagon is down to 100 bunker busters and six copies of " the emoji movie . " 
fruit loops cereal has added a new flavor , wild berry . people who tried the new flavor say it tastes like ' wild berries , plus sugar , minus wild berries . " 
doctors are now warning about the spread of something they are calling , " super gonorrhea . " it’s hard to believe that now the cool thing to say to a woman in a bar is , “it’s ok , i only have regular gonorrhea . " 
many fans have started an online petition urging abc to continue the show " roseanne " without roseanne . in a related story , andy has started a similar petition about the show " conan . " 
the latest rumor in washington is that president trump could decide to pardon himself . this would be completely constitutional , according to trump’s new supreme court justice donald trump . 
the supreme court ruled that a baker in colorado can refuse to make a wedding cake for a same sex couple on religious grounds . ladies and gentlemen , in my opinion , if there’s anything america is not going to stand for , it’s less cake . 
in an interview today , former president bill clinton said that he does not owe monica lewinsky an apology . clinton said , " what i do owe her is a new dress . " 
kim jong - un said he wants to open a mcdonalds in north korea . which may explain why the summit with president trump is suddenly back on . 
in a new interview , kanye west talks about being bipolar . kanye said sometimes he loves himself but other times , he really loves himself . 
in the united kingdom , a baby ' s first word was " alexa . " the baby ' s next words were " get me new parents . " 
a man in michigan is under arrest for having sex with a basset hound . and you thought the basset hound looked sad before . 
first lady melania trump appeared at her first white house event in a month . or as melania put it , " they found me . " 
it ' s been reported that donald trump ' s family fortune originated from a brothel started by his grandfather . isn ' t that shocking ? there was once a trump business that made money . 
in a brand new interview , vladimir putin says he regularly talks over the phone with president trump . putin says , " it’s not a big deal - i like to check in with all my employees . " 
the head of starbucks , howard schultz , has announced that he’s leaving the company . schultz said , " i can’t keep living a lie… the coffee at dunkin ' donuts is way better . " 
in a tv interview , woody allen says he ' s always been a big supporter of # metoo , and that he should be the face of the movement . it’s really nice to see woody allen doing comedy again ! 
a new report claims that there are no , i repeat no , benefits to having sex with a robot . keep in mind , this report is coming from the robots . 
a video has surfaced from a burger king of two mice running around inside a bag of hamburger buns . or as arby’s calls that , " the special . " 
on twitter , president trump denied rumors that his wife melania got a face lift . trump said , " trust me - when my wife needs a new face , i’ll get a new wife . " 
melania trump ' s first public appearance was with the president at a briefing on preparing for disasters . the event took place in the white house ' s " metaphor room . " 
while he was on a call with the canadian prime minister , president trump falsely accused canada of burning down the white house in the war of 1812 . trump tried to patch things up by saying , " it’s ok , we kicked your ass at gettysburg . " 
it was just reported that ten new jersey beaches have been found to have unsafe levels of fecal bacteria . the good news – all the other beaches in new jersey have safe amounts of fecal bacteria ! 
a man in florida was arrested after he was caught with several stolen zoo animals . he would have gotten away with it if the parrot hadn’t talked . 
some sources are saying that president trump has been complaining that he can ' t watch porn at the white house . when he heard , bill clinton said , " thank god hillary lost . " 
president trump met with shinzo abe , the prime minister of japan . trump took a hard line and said he’d only lift trade tariffs if abe would introduce him to godzilla . 
starbucks just announced it will be raising its coffee prices . when asked why , starbucks said , " because it’s been a week since we had any bad publicity . we had to do something . " 
delivery drivers for ups are reportedly planning to go on strike . they ' re demanding higher wages , shorter hours , and long pants . 
nasa announced that the planet mars contains the building blocks for life . apparently , mars has oxygen , hydrogen , and netflix . 
president trump told reporters he ' ll know if the kim jong - un meeting is going well by " touch " and " feel . " in other words , trump ' s lawyer is going to have to pay kim jong - un $ 130 , 000 . 
north korean leader kim jong - un brought his own toilet to the summit in singapore . when he saw the toilet , president trump said , " oh , so you’re planning to tweet too ? " 
president trump said that during the north korea summit , he will not focus on human rights abuses . trump said , " my marriage is no one ' s business . " 
there is a japanese pop band whose members are all over 80 years old . the band is known for their # 1 hit song , " where am i ? " 
president trump said kim jong - un is " absolutely " invited to the white house . unless , of course , kim jong - un wins the super bowl or the nba championship . 
kim jong - un and president trump had lunch and were served häagen - dazs ice cream . it was a special occasion for the north koreans because they ' ve never heard of häagen - dazs or lunch . 
when asked about the # metoo movement , bill clinton said the " norms have changed " for what " you can do to somebody against their will . " when asked why he said that , clinton said , " i like to say things that will haunt me the rest of my life . " 
george h . w . bush turned 94 today , and he is now the oldest living president ever . bush toasted himself saying , " suck it , thomas jefferson . " 
in new york city , an uber driver kicked a lesbian couple out of his car after they kissed . the real story here is that mike pence drives for uber . 
at & t was cleared to purchase time warner which technically makes at & t my new boss . so i just want to say two things : first , this news will in no way affect the content of my program . and two , t - mobile sucks balls . 
a new report says that this past year was a record - breaking year for americans giving to charities . in fact , just yesterday , president trump gave away south korea . 
president trump attacked robert de niro as someone who ' s " received too many hits to the head by real boxers . " it was part of trump ' s speech entitled , " i don’t understand how movies work . " 
the detroit zoo announced it is sending 11 , 000 tadpoles to puerto rico to help restore their native toad population . a grateful puerto rico said , " thanks , but could you send some electricity instead ? " 
on tuesday , a cow named char won the " sexiest cow in britain " award . don’t worry , the organizers of the contest have been arrested . 
what do you call a cow with no legs ? ground beef !
what do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence ? utter destruction .
what ' s black and white and red all over ? a newspaper .
so , this guy walks into a bar . and says , " ouch " .
if the opposite of pro is con , isn ' t the opposite of progress , congress ?
what do you call a guy with no arms or legs floating in the ocean ? bob !
i went to a wedding the other day . two antennas were getting married . it wasn ' t much of a wedding ceremony , but it was one heck of a reception !
there ' s this dyslexic guy . . . he walked into a bra . . .
joel : " how ' s the progress on new house that you are building pete ? " peter : " things are really slow at the moment . " joel : " yeah , i guess all this rain would be putting a dampener on things . . . "
a white horse walked into a bar . the barman saw him and said , " we have a whiskey named after you ! " the horse looked puzzled and said , " what , eric ? "
there was a dyslexic insomniac agnostic . he laid awake all night wondering if there really was a dog .
what do you call 500 lawyers at the bottom of the sea ? a start .
what ' s the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver ? a bad golfer goes whack , dang . a bad skydiver goes dang , whack .
do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery ?
if a pig loses its voice , is it disgruntled ?
doctor : well i hope you enjoy changing diapers , mrs jones ? mrs jones : why , am i pregnant ? doctor : no , you have bowel cancer !
what do you call a blond with half a brain ? gifted .
q what has two legs , and bleeds ? a half a dog !
an essex girl walks into the local dry cleaners . she places a garment on the counter . " i ' ll be back tomorrow afternoon to pick up my dress , " she says . " come again ? " says the clerk , cupping his ear . " no " she replies . " this time it ' s mayonnaise . "
a drunk man walked up to an elevator . he pressed the up button and opened the doors before the elevator could come down to him . he fell all the way down , and said , " darn it , i said up . "
yo momma is so stupid , she took the pepsi challenge and chose jif .
you know you ' re a redneck if you introduce a friend to your wife and sister and he only has to shake one hand .
a patient wakes up after having surgery to remove a gangrenous leg . doctor : " i have good news and bad news . " patient : " what ' s the bad news ? " doctor : " the bad news is that we amputated the wrong leg . " patient : " that ' s terrible ! what ' s the good news ? " doctor : " we think the other leg is going to make it alright . "
yo momma is so fat , that to get her out of a phone booth we had to grease her thighs and throw a twinkie into the street .
a bishop , a priest , and a rabbi walk into a bar . the bartender looks at them and says , " what is this , a joke ? "
an engineering major says " how does it work ? " a science major says " why does it work ? " an accounting major says " how much will it cost ? " a liberal arts major says " do you want fries with that ? "
how many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb ? only one , but the bulb has got to want to change .
a man was sitting next to the pope on a cross - country flight . the pope was doing a crossword puzzle . he turned to the man and asked " do you know a four - letter word for ' woman ' that ends in u - n - t ? " the man thought for a minute and said " aunt . " " oh yes , of course , " the pope replied . " do you have an eraser ? "
how can you tell if a blonde woman has been dating ? by the belt buckle imprint on her forehead .
what does a blonde say when she loses her virginity ? " so are you guys all on the same team ? "
how many lawyers does it take to shingle the roof of a house ? it depends on how thin you slice ' em .
did you hear the one about the polish wolf ? he chewed off three legs and was still caught in the trap .
a polar bear walked into a bar and said " can i please have a gin and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . tonic ? " the bartender replied " sure , but why the large pause ? " " i don ' t know , i ' ve always had them ! "
a termite walks into a bar and asks , " is the bartender here ? "
did you know diarhea is part of your inheritence ? ya , it flows in our genes .
there ' s this guy he goes to see the doctor and says , " doctor , doctor , i have a terrible problem . i have a strawberry stuck up my bottom . " the doctor says , " it ' s ok , i ' ll give you some cream to put on it . "
before you judge someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . that way , when you judge them , you ' re a mile away and you have their shoes .
when cryptography is outlawed , bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl
six - year - old jerry came downstairs bellowing lustily . " what ' s the matter ? " asked his mother . " papa was hanging pictures , and he just hit his thumb with a hammer , " said jerry . " that ' s not so serious , " soothed his mother . " a big man like you shouldn ' t cry at a trifle like that . why didn ' t you just laugh ? " " i did , " sobbed jerry .
two guys walked into a bar . . . you would have thought the second one would have ducked .
two cows were standing next to each other in a field . daisy says to dolly , " i was artificially inseminated this morning . " " i don ' t believe you , " said dolly . " it ' s true , straight up , no bull ! "
two fish swim into a concrete wall . one turns to the other and says " dam " .
the darkest hours come just before the dawn . so if you ' re going to steal your neighbour ' s milk and newspaper , that ' s the time to do it .
remember , no - one is listening until you fart .
if at first you don ' t succeed . . . avoid skydiving .
give a man a fish and he will eat for a day . . . teach him how to fish , and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day .
what do you call a blind deer ? no idea ( no eye deer . ) what do you call a blind deer with no legs ? still no idea ! ( not moving [ still ] no eye deer )
never play leapfrog with a unicorn .
your momma ' s so ugly , she ' s not bald , it ' s her hair running away from her face !
the gap between your teeth is so big , i don ' t know whether to smile back or kick a field goal .
you are so stupid , you took a ruler with you to bed to see how long you slept !
yo mama ' s so big , she had to call sherwin - williams to paint her toenails !
knock knock . who ' s there ? anita . anita who ? anita really warm place to sleep tonight , it ' s cold out here .
you ' re so fat , when you sit around the house , you really sit around the house .
what do you call 32 rednecks in a room ? a full set of teeth !
how do you know that the toothbrush was invented by a redneck ? if it was invented by anyone else they would have called it a " teethbrush " .
dick cheney walks into the oval office and sees the president whooping and hollering . " what ' s the matter , mr . president ? " the vice president inquired . " nothing at all , boss . i just done finished a jigsaw puzzle in record time ! " the president beamed . " how long did it take you ? " " well , the box said ' 3 to 5 years ' but i did it in a month ! "
in a class on abnormal psychology , the instructor was about to introduce the subject of manic depression . the instructor asked , " how would you diagnose a patient who walks back and forth , screaming at the top of his lungs one minute , then sits in a chair weeping uncontrollably the next ? " a young man in the rear raised his hand and suggested earnestly , " a basketball coach ? "
knock knock . who ' s there ? interrupting cow interrupting co - - - moo
yo momma so ugly she went into a haunted house and came out with a job application .
yo momma so stupid she got hit by a parked car .
yo momma ' s so ugly , when she joined an ugly contest , they said " sorry , no professionals . . . "
yo mama ' s so ugly , just after she was born , her mother said , " what a treasure ! " and her dad said , " yeah ! let ' s go bury it ! "
yo mama ' s so ugly , two guys broke into her apt . , she yelled " rape " , they yelled " no ! "
yo mama ' s so ugly , i took her to the zoo , and the zookeeper said " i didn ' t know an animal had escaped . "
your momma is so ugly , the government moved halloween to her birthday .
on a nightly stroll a blonde came across an office building . a sign said , " press bell for watchman . " she presses it and hears an old man coming down the stairs . he turns on the light , unlocks the gate , and shuts off the security system . when he asked what the blonde wanted , she replied , " why can ' t you press that button for yourself ? "
blonde inventions : waterproof towel unbreakable egg submarine screen door solar powered flash light helicopter ejection seat inflatable dart board pedal powered wheel chairs
what do you call the skeleton of a blonde you find in a closet ? 1950 ' s hide - n - seek champion .
2 blondes are walking in the park and the 1st blonde says , " look ! dead bird ! " the 2nd blonde looks up into the sky and yells " where ? ! "
what ' s a blonde doing if her hands are covered tightly over her ears and her mouth is completely shut ? she ' s trying to hold onto a thought .
why should you never ask a blonde to make ice cubes for you ? she ' ll never remember the recipe .
how do you get a blonde to marry you ? tell her she ' s pregnant . what will be her response ? " is it mine ? "
why did the first blonde president move out of the oval office ? she couldn ' t find a corner to put her stuff in .
your momma is so ugly when she walks through the woods during hunting season she wears a sign saying " dont shoot ! from the front i look almost human ! "
why did the blonde steal a parked police car ? she saw " 911 " and thought it was a porsche . ( porsche 911 )
how do you tell a blondes been using your computer ? there ' s whiteout on the screen
a man goes into a drug store and asks the pharmacist if he can give him something for the hiccups . the pharmacist promptly reaches down , pulls out a knife , and lunges at the man . the man backs away and yells " what the hell is the matter with you ? " " well , you don ' t have the hiccups anymore do you ? " replies the pharmacist . the man says , " no i don ' t , you jerk ; but my wife out in the car still does ! "
you ' re so ugly when you go outside your arrested for indecent exposure .
your momma is so poor i saw her kicking a cardboard box down the street and when i asked her what she was doing she said " moving ! "
how many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb ? fish !
how many little brothers does it take to change a light bulb ? three - one to hold onto the bulb and two to turn the ladder .
how many mystery writers does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? two - one to screw in the idea , and one to give it a suprising twist at the end .
how many boy scouts does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? three - each to do one good turn daily .
yo mama ' s so fat , she didn ' t have a birth certificate , she had a blueprint !
yo mama ' s so fat , she sells shade , and that gives her enough to feed a family !
yo momma ' s so poor , i blew my nose , and she said , " lord thank us , we have food ! "

how is a computer like an air conditioner ? when you open windows it won ' t work !
q : why is it so hard to replace vanna white ? a : they can ' t find another blonde who knows the whole alphabet .
what ' s the definition of bravery ? a man with diarrhea chancing a fart !
how does santa greet the three blonde sisters ? ho . ho . ho .
you were so ugly as a baby you were the poster child on the birth control posters .
if you ' re on a plane going to california and you ' re stuck in an aisle seat how do you trick a blonde into giving you her window seat ? tell her only the aisle seats are going to california .
why are new yorkers always depressed ? because the light at the end of the tunnel is new jersey .
a man walks into a bar and a drunk is sitting there mumbling something quietly . curious the man takes the seat next to him . the drunk is mumbling , " looks like plastic , feels like rubber . " while looking at something in his hand . the man asks the drunk if he may see what he means . the man feels the object and says , " it does look like plastic and feels like rubber . where did you get it ? " the drunk replies , " from my nose . "
yo mama ' s so dumb she took a spoon to the superbowl !
yo mama ' s so stupid , it takes her two hours to watch 60 minutes !
a man and a woman are having an intimate dinner in a restaurant when their waitress , standing a few tables away , watches as the man quietly slides all the way down his chair and out of sight . the woman across from him seems to not notice . the waitress comes over and says , " excuse me , ma ' am , but i think your husband just slid under the table . " the woman says , " no he didn ' t , he just walked in the door . "
your momma so old and fat when god said let there be light , he asked your momma to move the hell out of the way because she was blocking the sun .
one day a blonde came home from work early and when she walked into her house , she saw her husband in bed with another woman . she pulls her gun out of her purse and points it to her head . her husband screams , " no don ' t do it ! i ' m sorry ! " to which the blonde replies " shut up ! you ' re next ! "
knock knock . who ' s there ? someone too short to ring the doorbell .
two buzzards were eating a dead clown . one said to the other , " does this taste funny to you ? "
yo mama is so dumb , she had you .
politics comes from the root " poli - " , which means many , and " - tics " , which means , blood - sucking creatures .
why do they have braille on drive - thru atms ?
can women put mascara on with their mouth closed ?
depression is merely anger without enthusiasm .
the early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese .
eagles may soar , but weasels don ' t get sucked into jet engines .
i drive way too fast to worry about my cholesterol .
success is relative . the more success , the more relatives !
when everything is coming your way , you ' re on the wrong side of the freeway .
laundromat sign : automatic washing machines : please remove all your clothes when the light goes out .
sign at an office : would the person who removed the step ladder yesterday kindly bring it back or further steps will be taken .
sign at an office kitchen : after the tea break , the staff should empty the teapot and stand upside down on the drain - board .
antique - an item your grandparents bought , your parents got rid of , and you ' re buying again .
jack told me you told him that i told you that he was ugly , and i told you not to tell him i told you that ! it ' s his fault ! i told him not to tell you i told him what you told me ! well , don ' t let it happen again - - and don ' t tell him i told you he told me .
a good way to save face is to keep the lower half shut .
silence is golden , because you never have to explain something you didn ' t say .
i ' m such an insomniac , the sheep fall asleep before i do .
yo mama ' s so fat , when she walks by the television set you miss three episodes .
i know the day i gave up exercise . you wanna know ? check my birth certificate .
yo mamma so fat when she wears high heels 2 hours later they ' re flip flops .
your mom is so fat she rolled over a supernintendo and made 4 game boys .
your mom is so fat her picture fell down .
your mom is so fat , she ' s the only one at the beach that gets a tan .
yo momma is so fat she had a dream of marshmallows , and when she woke up , her pillows were gone .
your momma so fat she uses pillows for pantyliners your momma so fat she got stuck in the grand canyon
your momma so ugly when she walked through the graveyard 2 men came after her with shovels .
yo mama so fat when she sat on a rainbow skittles came out !
your momma so fat when she broke a leg gravy came out .
your momma so ugly when she went to the horse track people started placing bets on her .
a blonde walked in a library and went to the librarian , pulls out a thick book and started screaming at her . she yells , " this book is horrible ! there are too many characters and no plot whatsoever ! " the librarian stares at her , then calmly replies , " so you ' re the one who took our phone book . "
two guys are in the woods camping out when a bear attacks them . while the bear sniffs around the food , the first guy starts lacing up his sneakers . the second guys goes , " are you crazy ? you can ' t outrun a bear ! " the first guy replies , " i dont need to ; i only have to outrun you . "
yo mama is so fat that the local restaurant says : maximum occupancy 115 people or yo mama .
yo mama is so fat that when she ran away they had to use all four sides of the milk carton .
yo mama is so ugly , when she looks in the mirror her reflection ducks .
your momma so fat that when she layed on the beach , four guys from greenpeace tried to throw her back in .
it is said that " it is always in the last place you look " well of course ! are there some people out there who keep looking after they find it ?
what do you call a boomerang that doesn ' t work ? a stick .
a horse walked into a bar . the barman said , " why the long face ? "
a guy goes into a bar , orders twelve shots and starts drinking them as fast as he can . the bartender says , " dang , why are you drinking so fast ? " the guy says , " you would be drinking fast if you had what i have . " the bartender says , " what do you have ? " the guy says , " 75 cents . "
one day a secretary is leaving on her lunch break , and she notices her boss standing in front of a shredder with a clueless look on his face . the secretary walks up to him and asks if he needs help . " yes ! " he says looking and sounding relieved , " this is very important . " glad to help , she turns the shredder on and inserts the paper . then her boss says , " thanks , i only need one copy . "
knock , knock . who ' s there ? dwayne dwayne who ? dwayne the bathtub mommy , i ' m dwowning .
yo dad said to yo mama , " we ' re getting a color tv ! " and yo mama asked , " what color ? "
your mom is so stupid , when the doctor told her she had to take a pregnancy test , she asked how long she had to study
yo mama is so stupid she waited at a stop sign until it said go .
yo mama is so stupid , she climbed over a glass wall to see the other side .
yo mama is so stupid she stole a free sample .
yo mama is so stupid she couldn ' t even pass a blood test .
yo mama is so stupid she thinks these jokes are funny .
yo momma is so stupid , she got locked in mcdonalds , and lost 300 pounds .
yo mama is so poor , i walked in and dropped a cigarette butt on the floor , and she said , " clap your hands and stomp your feet , praise the lord , we got heat " .
yo momma is so stupid , she put a free sample on layaway .
yo mama is so poor that when i walked in the front door , i tripped over the back gate .
an actual headline : " include your children when baking cookies "
an actual headline : " police begin campaign to run down jaywalkers "
an actual headline : safety experts say school bus passengers should be belted .
an actual headline : deer kill 17 , 000
how do you keep a rhino from charging ? take away its credit card .
how many actors does it take to change a light bulb ? only one - they don ' t like to share the spotlight .
q : how many aerobics instructors does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : five . four to do it in perfect synchrony and one to stand there going " to the left , and to the left , and to the left , and to the left , and take it out , and put it down , and pick it up , and put it in , and to the right , and to the right , and to the right , and to the right . . . "
q : how many auto mechanics does it take to change a light bulb ? a : six - one to force it with a hammer and five to go out for more bulbs .
what do you call a short psychic on the lam ? ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ a small medium at large !
how do you praise a computer ? say " data boy " !
a man goes into a shoe store and asks to try on a pair of shoes . they were a bit snug . " well , they feel a bit tight , " says the man . the salesman bends down and feels around . he suggests pulling the tongue out , then asks , " how do they feel now ? " " well , dey shtill feel a bit thight "
three men , a french , chinese , and american , decided to have a contest . they wanted to see whose dog could go the longest without going to the bathroom . the chinese man won after a few hours . a news reporter asked him how he acheived such a feat . he replied , in a rather sing - song way , " me chinese , me no dumb , me stick rock up doggie ' s bum ! "
there was a little boy and a little girl in a bathtub having a bath . suddenly the little girl looked down at the boy . " can i touch it ? " " no way - - you already broke yours off ! "
q : what ' s the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead lawyer in the road ? a : there are skid marks in front of the dog .
q : why won ' t sharks attack lawyers ? a : professional courtesy .
q : what do you have when a lawyer is buried up to his neck in sand ? a : not enough sand .
q : what can a goose do , a duck can ' t , and a lawyer should ? a : stick his bill up his rear .
knock - knock who ' s there ? boo ! boo who ? don ' t cry it ' s just a joke
how many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb ? two ( think about it )
bad news : a man fell out of an airplane good news : he had a parachute bad news : the parachute didn ' t work good news : there was a haystack beneath him bad news : there was a pitchfork in the haystack good news : he missed the pitchfork bad news : he missed the haystack
roses are red violets are blue i ' m schizophrenic and so am i !
children were called upon in a classroom to make sentences with words chosen by the teacher . the teacher smiled when jack raised his hand to participate . she gave him the words ' defeat ' , ' deduct ' , ' defence ' and ' detail ' . jack stood seriously for a while with all eyes focused on him awaiting his reply . " defeat of deduct went over defence before detail ! "
yo mama is so fat , she went to buy a water bed and they put a blanket over the altantic ocean .
a blonde and a brunette are out driving , and the brunette tells the blonde to look out for cops - especially cops with their lights on . after they ' ve been driving for a while , the brunette asks the blonde if she ' s seen any cops . " yes , " says the blonde . " are their lights on ? " the blonde has to think for a moment , then says , " yes , no , yes , no , yes , no . "
two blonds decided to go shopping . a few hours later they come out and the first blond realizes that she has locked her keys in the car , so they spent a few hours pacing around the car trying to figure out what to do . finally , the first blond looks off into the distance and sees storm clouds . she turns to her friend and says , " quick , think of something because a storm is coming and i left the convertible top open ! "
i was teaching my 6 - year - old daughter how to unbuckle her seat belt . she asked , " do i click the square ? " i said yes . she then asked me , " single click or double click ? "
one day , an old man went to a teenager with spiked hair . he asked him , " have you done anything crazy in your life ? " the teen replied , " no " . so the old man said , " well , about 15 years ago , i was drunk , and i saw a porcupine . now i am wondering if you are my son . "
when eve was first created , she had 3 breasts . she asks god , " what shall i do with this extra breast ? " and god created adam .
a man is driving up a steep , narrow mountain road . a woman is driving down the same road . as they pass each other the woman leans out the window and yells , " pig ! ! " the man immediately leans out his window and replies , " bitch ! ! " they each continue on their way , and as the man rounds the next corner , he crashes into a pig in the middle of the road .
a hotdog walks into a bar and orders a beer . the bartender replies , " sorry , we don ' t serve food here " .
why are the blonde ' s boobs square ? she forgot to take the tissues out of the box !
how do you know if a dummy has been sending e - mail ? you see a bunch of envelopes stuffed into the disk drive .
how do a blond ' s braincells die ? alone .
q : how many law professors does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : hell , you need 250 just to lobby for the research grant .
those who live by the sword get shot by those who don ' t .
low self - esteem support group will meet thursdays at 7 : 30 to 8 : 30 , please use the back door . weight watchers will meet at 7 p . m . please use large double doors at the side entrance .
yo momma is so dumb that when she got locked in the grocery store she starved to death !
yo mama stinks so bad that when she puts on her ' secret ' deodorant it tells ! ha ha : )
a little boy was in his room playing with himself , when his father walked in . " son ! if you masturbate too much , you ' re gonna go blind ! " " dad , " the boy said , " i ' m over here . "
a blonde was having sharp pains in her side . the doctor examined her and said , " you have acute appendicitis . " the blonde yelled at the doctor , " i came here to get medical help , not get a stupid compliment ! "
q : why do women fart less than men ? a : because they won ' t shut up long enough to build up pressure .
" i never forget a face . however , in your case , i ' ll be glad to make an exception . " - groucho marx
our lager , which art in barrels , hallowed be thy drink . thy will be drunk , i will be drunk , at home as it is in the tavern . give us this day our foamy head , and forgive us our spillages , as we forgive those who spill against us . and lead us not to incarceration , but deliver us from hangovers . for thine is the beer , the bitter , the lager .
what do you call an honest lawyer ? an oxymoron .
a man goes into a bar . he sits down and starts staring at a young punk with spiked red hair , multicolored clothes , and an earring . the punk gets mad turns around and says , " hey old man , what are you looking at ? " the old man says , " nothing , it ' s just that when i was in the army , i got really drunk and had sex with a parrot . i was wondering if you were my son . "
q : santa claus , the tooth fairy an honest lawyer and an old drunk are walking down the street together when they simultaneously spot a hundred dollar bill . who gets it ? a : the old drunk of course ; the other three are mythical creatures .
diplomacy : the ability to tell a person to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip .
q : why didn ' t the skeleton go to the dance ? a : because it had no body to go with .
q : what does a fish use to get high ? a : seaweed !
q : what do a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common ? a : in the end , someone ' s gonna lose a trailer .
just before thanksgiving , the holding pen was abuzz as mother turkey scolded the younger birds . " you turkeys are always into mischief , " she gobbled . " if your grandfather could see the things you do , he ' d turn over in his gravy . "
the bartender at our golf club named a drink lilac crazy in honour of one of the members . every time the member came to the 19th hole , that ' s exactly what he did .
a teacher is writing a problem on the blackboard when she turns around and says , " if you are stupid , please stand up . " after a while , a student stands up and says , " i really don ' t think i ' m stupid , but i feel bad for you standing there by yourself . "
two blondes realize that their apartment is on fire and go out onto the balcony . " help , help ! " yelled one of the blondes . " help us , help us ! " yelled the other . " maybe it would help if we yelled together , " said the first blonde . " good idea , " said the other . " together , together ! " they yelled .
my wife keeps complaining i never listen to her . . . or something like that .
what do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you ? pull the pin and throw it back . what do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you ? run like hell ! she ' s got a grenade in her mouth !
people say you are the perfect idiot . i say you are not perfect , but you are doing pretty good .
two blondes are on opposite sides of a lake . one blonde yells to the other , " how do you get to the other side ? " " you are on the other side , " the other blonde yells back .
two blondes were going to disneyland when they came to a fork in the road . the sign read : " disneyland left . " so they went home .
a junior partner in a law firm was sent to a far away country to represent a long - term client accused of robbery . after days of trial , the case was won , the client acquitted and released . excited about his success , the attorney e - mailed the firm : " justice prevailed . " the senior partner replied in haste , " appeal immediately . "
hear about the terrorist that hijacked a 747 full of lawyers ? he threatened to release one every hour if his demands weren ' t met .
a man escaped jail by digging a hole from his jail cell to the outside world . when finally his work was done , he emerged in the middle of a preschool playground . " i ' m free , i ' m free ! " he shouted . " so what , " said a little girl . " i ' m four . "
did you hear about the blonde who took an hour to cook minute rice ? did you hear about the blonde who got into the taxi , and the driver kept the " vacant " sign up ? did you hear about the blonde who was an m . d . - - mentally deficient ? did you hear about the blonde who thought nitrates was cheaper than day rates ?
don ' t steal . the government hates competition .
did you hear about the blonde who got a pair of waterskis ? she ' s still looking for a lake with a slope ! !
what is the difference between men and government bonds ? the bonds mature . eventually .
two cartons of yogurt walk into a bar . the bartender , a tub of cottage chesse , says to them , " we don ' t serve your kind in here . " one of the yogurt cartons says back to him , " why not ? we ' re cultured individuals . "
why is the word abbreviation so long ?
my grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was 60 . now she ' s 97 years old and we don ' t know where the hell she is .
if you are going to try cross - country skiing , start with a small country .
i don ' t exercise because it makes the ice jump right out of my glass .
what do you call a canadian fire ? a calgary flame .
what does monica lewinski and a coin machine have in common ? insert bill here !
delta airlines recently introduced a special half - fare rate for wives accompanying their husbands on business trips . anticipating some valuable testimonials , the publicity department of the airline sent out letters to all the wives of businessmen who used the special rates , asking them how they enjoyed their trip . responses are still pouring in asking , " what trip ? "
to help students remember the word for " wear " in latin , the professor used the phrase : semper ubi , sub ubi translation : always wear under wear .
" you don ' t have anything in your head except soccer , " said a wife to her husband . " i ' m sure you ' ve even forgotten when we got married ! " " of course i haven ' t forgotten , " replied the husband . " that was the day england beat italy 2 - 1 . "
q . why do young blondes carry goldfish in their pockets ? a . so they can smell like old blondes .
what do you call a blonde behind a steering wheel ? an air - bag
a man walks into a bar and has a drink . then he hears a tiny voice say , " you are so handsome . " he looks to see who said that but finds no one . so he drinks again . then he hears a tiny voice say , " you are so smart and kind . " he looks around again and doesn ' t find anyone . he asks the bartender whats going on . the bartender says , " o that , that ' s the peanuts . they ' re complimentary . "
lawyers creed : a man is innocent until proven broke .
q : why does the law prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients ? a : to prevent clients from being billed twice for what is essentially the same service .
the egyptologist sneezed : hapshepsut !
ever notice that " fat chance " and " slim chance " mean the same thing ?
take your income and add 10%
what ' s the difference between a teacher and a train ? a train goes " chew , chew , chew , " and a teacher says , " spit that gum out ! "
how many fbi agents does it take to change a lightbulb ? shut up ! we ' ll be asking the questions here .
q : how many philosophers does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : 3 . one to change it and the other two to argue whether the lightbulb really exists .
" we spend the first twelve months of our children ' s lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve years telling them to sit down and shut up . " - phyllis diller
every solution breeds new problems .
join the marines : visit exotic places , meet interesting people and then kill them .
did you hear about the new polish million dollar lotery ? you get a dollar a year for a million years ! ! !
i married miss right . i just didn ' t know her first name was always .
why does a blonde smile at lightning ? she thinks she ' s getting her picture taken .
q . if you are an american when you go into the bathroom and you are an american when you come out of the bathroom . . . . what are you while you are in the bathroom ? a . european . . . of course !
a blonde is walking down the street with her blouse open , exposing one of her breasts . a nearby policeman approaches her and remarks , " ma ' am , are you aware that i could cite you for indecent exposure ? " " why , officer ? " asks the blonde . " because your blouse is open and your breast is exposed . " " oh my goodness , " exclaims the blonde , " i left my baby on the bus ! "
why did a blonde take an empty glass and a glass full of water to bed ? she wasn ' t sure if she would get thirsty during the night .
what does a blonde say when you blow in their ear ? thank you for the refill .
how many republicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? none , they only screw the poor .
how many blondes does it take to screw in a lighbulb ? none , they just assume they ' ve gone blind .
sometimes i get the feeling the whole world is against me , but deep down i know that ' s not true . some of the smaller countries are neutral . - - robert orben
one day a secretary noticed her boss ' s fly was open . not wanting to embarrass him , she whispers in his ear , " your barracks are open , and your soldier is saluting at the gates . " the man , realizing what she means , decides to have some fun and says , " do you see the colonel standing to attention ? " she whispers back , " no ; all i see is a veteran sitting on his two duffel bags . "
a drunk phones the police . he yells , " come quick ! thieves have stolen my dashboard , steering wheel , brake and gas pedal , and my dang radio ! ! my radio ! ! " the police are just about to send out an officer when the drunk phones back . he says very calmly , " sorry officers . it turns out i just got in my backseat . "
a blonde is speeding down a deserted street when she is pulled over by a police officer . the officer very politely requests to see the blondes license . the blonde very indignant replies , " you know what ? i ' m getting tired of you cops . you just can ' t make up your mind . last week you took away my license , and now you want me to show it to you ? "
q . how many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb ? a . only one , but he has to do it while you ' re eating dinner .
sign seen on a maternity - ward door : push ! push ! push !
q : what ' s the difference between a dry cleaner and a lawyer ? a : the cleaner pays if he loses your suit . a lawyer can lose your suit and still take you to the cleaners .
tarzan swings through the air tarzan loses his underwear tarzan says " me no care , jane make me another pair . " boy swings through the air boy loses his underwear boy says " me no care , jane make me another pair . " cheetah swings through the air cheetah loses his underwear cheetah says " me no care , jane make me another pair . " jane swings through the air jane loses her underwear jane says " me no care , tarzan like me better bare ! "
" are you sure you don ' t want some novocain ? " asked the dentist . " i ' m sure , " replied the maharishi . " i wish to transcend dental medication . "
" you have a very rare and extremely contagious condition , " the doctor told his patient . " we ' re going to put you in an isolation unit , where you ' ll be on a diet of pancakes and pizza . " " will pancakes and pizza cure my condition ? " " no , " replied the doctor . " they ' re the only things we can slip under the door . "
two men were sitting by the swimming pool at a nudist colony when they noticed a beautiful young woman walking towards the pool . her tan lines traced the outline of a tiny bathing suit with elaborately criss - crossed straps across the back . " i ' ll bet she looks great in that suit , " one of the men said wistfully .
an rcmp officer pulled over a vehicle that had performed a rolling stop at a stop sign . when the driver was told this , he replied , " but it says stop , not stay ! "
a police officer pulled over a vehicle that had just driven through an intersection without slowing for the traffic light , which flashes red continually . ( it flashes amber for the cross direction . ) the driver , blonde of course , explained , " but i didn ' t go through on the red , i went through on the black ! "
seen on a bumper sticker : " i don ' t care who ' s on board , what you love , who you brake for or what you ' d rather be doing . "
" all my life i wanted to be someone ; i guess i should have been more specific . " - jane wagner
" karate is a form of martial arts in which people who have had years and years of training can , using only their hands and feet , make some of the worst movies in the history of the world . " - dave barry
how do you confuse a stupid person ? put them in a round room and tell them to sit in the corner .
why do blondes hate making kool - aid ? they can ' t fit the 8 cups of water in the envelope !
you know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes ? why can ' t they make the whole plane out of the same stuff ?
yo momma is so fat that the last time she saw 90210 is when she stepped on the bathroom scale !
why can ' t dolly parton be a teacher ? because every time she turns around she erases the black board .
q . why are 1990 american dollar bills worth more than 1989 american dollar bills ? a . one thousand nine hundred and ninety dollar bills are worth one dollar more than one thousand nine hundred and eighty - nine dollar bills .
q : what ' s the difference between a new husband and a new dog ? a : a dog only takes a couple of months to train .
to the tune of " i ' m looking over a four leaf clover " : i ' m looking over my dead dog rover that i ran over with the power mower one leg is missing , another is gone the third leg is scattered all over the lawn no need explainin ' the one remainin ' is under the car port door i ' m looking over my dead dog rover that i overlooked before !
" mommy , i hate my sister ' s guts ! " " shut up and eat what ' s put in front of you ! "
then there was the model who sat on a broken bottle and cut a good figure .
she frowned and called him mr . because in sport he kr . and so in spite that very night the mr . kr . sr .
" how can you stand it ? " the young psychiatrist asked the old psychiatrist . " day in , day out , year in , year out , listening , listening , listening ! " " who listens ? "
then there was the neat nurse , who made the patient without disturbing the bed .
then there were the three bears . one married a giraffe . the other two put him up to it .
mind over matter if you don ' t mind , it doesn ' t matter .
" madame , " said the psychiatrist , " you haven ' t got a complex ; you are inferior . "
recently a guy in paris nearly got away with stealing several paintings from the louvre . however , after planning the crime , and getting in and out past incredible security , he was captured only two blocks away when his econoline ran out of gas . when asked how he could mastermind such a crime and then make such an obvious error , he replied : i had no monet to buy degas to make the van gogh !
the wife ran into the house , screaming to her actor husband , " darling , come quick . your kids and my kids are beating up on our kids ! "
the romans had to give up their big holidays because of the tremendous overhead . the lions ate up all of their prophets .
why is it that when we talk to god we call it praying , yet when god talks to us we are schizophrenic ? - lily tomlin
did you see that movie about the pirate ? it ' s rated arrr !
yo momma is so fat , it takes 2 toilets to fit one cheek !
your mama so fat that she has to wear traintracks for a belt !
your mama so old and fat that she went to see mt . rushmore and sang " we are family "
your mama so big that people walk around her for exercise .
duck # 1 : quack duck # 2 : quack duck # 3 : quack quack duck # 1 takes out a gun and shoots duck # 3 . duck # 2 : " why did you shoot him ? " duck # 1 : " he knew too much . "
one day little red riding hood was walking in the woods . she put her head between some bushes and suddenly she sees the wolf with his eyes wide open and red . she asks him , " why are your eyes so big , wolf ? " the wolf answers , " shut up and let me shit in peace ! "
what is mary short for ? for having no legs , of course . . . if you didn ' t have any , you would be short too .
hey , have any of you heard of the kidnapping in the woods ? yeah , well , it all turns out ok , though , since he woke up . . .
a man goes to the doctor and says " doctor doctor ! i can ' t eat food through my mouth cause it hurts " the doc says " try eating through your bum , it might help " a few weeks later the doctor sees the man walking down the road in a very weird way , he asks " why are you walking like that ? are you hurt ? " the man replies " no you fool ! i ' m chewing a toffie "
yo mama is so fat she used saturn ' s rings as hoola - hoops !
what are two blondes doing in front of a motorcycle ? arguing about who get a window seat .
what do you call a smart blond ? an endangered species
what do you call a movie about a man trying to make a blond smart ? mission impossible
why do blondes climb chain - link fences ? to see what ' s on the other side .
why does a blond wear a tight skirt ? to keep her legs closed
what is more stupid then a brunette trying to start a fire in a pool ? a blonde trying to put it out .
what do you call an intelligent blonde ? a golden retriever
a blonde is on the road when suddenly she gets a phonecall from her friend : " watch out ! i heard on the radio that some lunatic is going against traffic ! " so the blonde says , " only one ? they all are ! "
how many dyslexics does it take to change a lit blub ?
why do ducks have webbed feet ? to stamp out fires . why do elephants have flat feet ? to stamp out burning ducks .
a mother and her young son returned from the grocery store and began putting away the groceries . the boy opened the box of animal crackers and spread them all over the table . " what are you doin ? " his mother asked ; " you can ' t eat them if the seal is broken . " the boy explained , " i ' m looking for the seal . "
a waiter asks a man , " may i take your order , sir ? " " yes , " the man replies . " i ' m just wondering , exactly how do you prepare your chickens ? " " nothing special , sir . we just tell them straight out that they ' re going to die . "
yo mama so fat , she coughed next to a corn field and made popcorn .
what ' s the difference between men and women ? women zoom with a camera by walking closer or farther away ; men just push the button !
three couples went to a resturant . the women wanted to compliment the men with something that was on the table . " could you pass me the sugar , sugar ? " said the first gal . " could you pass me the honey , honey ? " said the second . " could you pass me the bacon , pig ? " said the third .
when nasa first started sending up astronauts , they quickly discovered that ballpoint pens would not work in zero gravity . to combat the problem , nasa scientists spent a decade and $ 12 billion to develop a pen that writes in zero gravity , upside down , underwater , on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to 300 degrees celsius . the russians used a pencil .
a woman gets on a bus with her baby . the bus driver says : " that ' s the ugliest baby that i ' ve ever seen . ugh ! " the woman goes to the rear of the bus and sits down , fuming . she says to a man next to her : " the driver just insulted me ! " the man says : " you go right up there and tell him off ; go ahead , i ' ll hold your monkey for you . "
what did the wall say to the picture ? how ' s it hangin ` ?
wilfred had just learned his abc ' s and was very scared of doing them in front of the class . the teacher , though , told him that the best way to conquer his fears would be to just go ahead and do it . so , trembling , he stood in front of the class and began . " abcdefghijlkmnoqrstuvwxyz . " " very good , wilfred . but you forgot the p . where ' s the p ? " it ' s running down my leg . "
i wonder who came up with the company people ' s gas and where was their pepto - bismal ?
you are so stupid you tripped over a cordless phone ! you are so stupid you got locked in a furniture store and sat on the floor ! you are so stupid you didn ' t know how to swim so you got in the fish tank to try and learn !
what happens when the smog clears over southern california ? ucla
roses are red , violets are blue , i thought i was stupid , then i met you !
how do you know a blonde is having a bad day ? her tampon is behind her ear , and she ' s looking for her pencil .
i make money the old - fashioned way . my salary is the same as it was ten years ago .
" my husband won a trip for two to hawaii , " a woman complained to her marriage counsellor . " he went twice ! "
names of actual couples getting married : broken - bridge sarry - huney big - theisman lossin - hare redder - bottum can ' t wait to see how long those couples last !
actual newspaper headline : kids make great snacks for teachers .
tonto and the lone ranger were lost on the prairie one day . the lone ranger says to tonto , " use your indian instincts and get us out of this mess . " tonto bends down and puts his ear to the ground . he turns and says to the lone ranger , " buffalo come . " the lone ranger says to tonto , " how do you know ? " tonto says , " ear sticky . "
why don ' t blind people sky dive ? because it scares the crap outta the dog .
what do constipated mathematicians do ? work it out with a pencil .
yo mama ' s so ugly not even the tide would take her out .
a man visiting a graveyard saw a tombstone that read , " here lies john kelly , a lawyer and an honest man . " " well , how about that ! " he exclaimed . " they ' ve got three people buried in one grave . "
overheard in a doctor ' s waiting room : " my uncle had a cough like yours and he died . mind you , he was hiding under his neighbour ' s bed at the time . "
did you hear about the scientist who crossed a carrier pigeon with a woodpecker ? he got a bird that not only delivers messages to their destination but knocks on the door when it gets there .
what did the zen buddhist say to the new york hot - dog vendor ? " make me one with everything . "
mother to teenage daughter : " the bad news is , we ' re moving to a different city . the good news is , your new school is full of boys who didn ' t see you get sick in the cafeteria last month . "
pride is what you feel when your kids net $ 143 from a garage sale . panic is what you feel when you realize your car is missing .
a priest was walking down the street when he saw a little boy jumping up and down to try to reach a doorbell . so the priest walked over and pressed the button for the youngster . " and now what , my little man ? " he asked . " now , " said the boy , " run like hell ! "
a drunk stumbles into a confessional . the priest on the other side hears someone enter but yet the man does not speak . so the priest knocks on the wall of the confessional and hears the drunk say , " forget it buddy , theres no toiletpaper in this one either ! "
" for gods sakes bill ! help her find it ! . " ~ hillary after walking in with monica on her hands and knees in front of bill
how many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper ? we don ' t know , it has never happened .
what ' s the definition of endless love ? stevie wonder playing ray charles at tennis ! endless love !
the eight saddam body doubles are gathered in one of the bunkers in downtown baghdad . tariq aziz , the deputy prime minister , comes in and says , ' i have some good news and some bad news . ' they ask for the good news first . aziz says , ' the good news is that saddam is still alive , so you all still have jobs . ' ' and the bad news ? ' they ask . aziz replies , ' he ' s lost an arm ' .
a highway patrolman pulled up alongside a speeding car on the freeway . as the officer peered through the driver ' s window , he was astounded to find that the blonde behind the wheel was knitting . the trooper cranked down his window and yelled to the driver , " pull over ! " at the top of his lungs . " no ! " the blonde yelled back , " scarf ! "
yo mama ' s so fat when she steps on a scale , it reads " one at a time , please " !
contrary to popular opinion , life is not a bi * * h . life is a virgin . a bi * * h would be easy .
what ' s the difference between an enzyme and a hormone ? you can ' t hear an enzyme !
a decrepit old gas man named peter while hunting around for the meter his torch he did light he arose out of sight and , of course , as a result , he totally , completely and utterly destroyed the meter !
q : where do cows go on saturday nights ? a : to the moovies
it ' s a little known fact that william tell and his son were avid bowlers as well as archery buffs . unfortunately , all the league records were destroyed in a fire , so it may never be known for whom the tells bowled .
i recently went to my 30th class reunion from nursery school . i didn ' t want to go because i ' ve put on maybe 90 or 100 pounds since then .
a wealthy man came home from a gambling trip and told his wife that he had lost their entire fortune and that they ' d have to drastically alter their life - style . " if you ' ll just learn to cook , " he said , " we can fire the chef . " " okay , " she said . " and if you learn how to make love , we can fire the gardener . "
why can ' t you trust a blonde to call for an ambulance ? she can ' t find the 11 to call 911 .
yo momma is so bald when she wears a turtleneck she looks like a broken condom .
yo momma so fat when she stepped on my dog ' s tail i had to change his name to " beaver . "
why did the blonde call the welfare office ? she wanted to know how you cook food stamps .
the amount of sleep required by the average person is about five minutes more .
they say one way to build character is to do things you don ' t want to do . every day i do two things i don ' t want to do : i get out of bed in the morning and go to bed at night !
money is not the most important thing in the world . love is . fortunately , i love money . - - jackie mason
the perfect climate is in bed .
q : what do you call an oxymoron ? a : a smart blonde !
wanna hear a dirty joke ? a boy fell in a mud puddle .
a doctor goes into a sanitarium one day to check up on the patients . he sees they are all lined up with bathing suits on , jumping into the air and landing hard on the floor . he asks them what they are doing , and they all answer " we ' re diving into the pool " . only one of them sits aside watching them . " i see you ' re not diving into the pool " the doctor says . the patient replies " i ' m the lifeguard . "
what do you get when you breed a blonde and a new york gangster ? a juvenile deliquent who spray paints chain link fences .
classic quote : a quote from sky news " umm qasr is a city similar to southampton , " uk defence minister geoff hoon said in the commons yesterday . " he ' s either never been to southampton , or he ' s never been to umm qasr , " says a british squaddie patrolling umm qasr . another soldier added : " there ' s no beer , no prostitutes and people are shooting at us . it ' s more like portsmouth . "
a married couple are driving along when they see a wounded skunk on the side of the road . they stop , the wife gets out , picks it up , and brings it into the car . she says , " look , it ' s shivering , it must be cold . what should i do ? " her husband replies , " put it between your legs to keep it warm . " she asks , " what about the smell ? " he says , " hold its nose . "
a woman walked into the kitchen to find her husband stalking around with a fly swatter . " what are you doing ? " she asked . " hunting flies " he responded . " oh ! , killing any ? " she asked . " yep , 3 males , 2 females " , he replied . intrigued , she asked . " how can you tell ? " " 3 were on a beer can , 2 were on the phone . "
a linguistics professor was lecturing to his english class one day . " in english , " he said , " a double negative forms a positive . in some languages , though , such as russian , a double negative is still a negative . however , there is no language wherein a double positive can form a negative . " a voice from the back of the room piped up , " yeah , right . "
when the waitress in a new york city restaurant brought him the soup du jour , the englishman was a bit dismayed . " good heavens , " he said , " what is this ? " " why , it ' s bean soup , " she replied . " i don ' t care what it has been , " he sputtered . " what is it now ? "
yo mama so skinny she had to run arround the shower to get wet .
to make a long story short , well , it helps if the boss walks in !
i put a blank tape in my tv and turned the volume all the way up . the mime next door went crazy and called the cops .
grow some dope . . . plant a man .
a really really drunk man stumbled out of a local bar and right into the nun . quickly the man punched the nun right in the face . stunned the nun tried to run away , but the drunk just ran after her and pushed her to the ground . the drunk then proceeded to kick the nun repeatedly until the nun was begging for mercy . the drunk leans down and looks at the nun and says , " not so tough now , eh batman ? "
bill and hillary are at the first baseball game of the season . the umpire walks up to the vip section and yells something , suddenly clinton grabs hillary by the collar and throws her over the side and onto the field . the stunned umpired shouts . " no , mr . president ! i said , ' throw the first pitch ! ' "
alarm clock , n . a device for waking up people who don ' t have small children
penguins mate for life . this is not surprising , as they all look the same . it ' s not like they have to wait and wonder if someone better will come along !
did you hear about the director of the department of motor vehicles who resigned on tuesday ? he tried to resign on monday , but discovered he ' d been standing in the wrong line .
did you hear about the scientists who crossed a porcupine with a sheep ? they got an animal that knits its own sweaters .
the assistant curator of the musuem came to the head curator with a couple of problems . " sir , the mummy is damp and getting mouldy . and the white mouse in the maze exhibit has developed dry skin . " the head curator thought for a minute , then advised , " put your mummy where your mouse is . "
yo mama so dumb , she tried to spell out the alphabet with m & m ' s .
" what possible reason can you have for acquitting this defendant ? " the judge shouted at the jury . " insanity , your honour , " replied the foreman . " all twelve of you ? " bellowed the judge .
opera : where somebody gets stabbed in the back and , instead of bleeding , sings .
two eskimos sitting in their boat were chilly ; but when they lit a fire in the boat , it sank , proving once and for all that you can ' t have your kayak and heat it too .
yo mama was so ugly as a child your granddaddy had to put a pork chop round her neck so the dog would play with her .
what two things in the air can make a blonde pregnant ? her legs
whats the difference between a good egg and a good fart ? you can ' t beat a good fart !
blind hookers eh ? you ' ve got to hand it to them .
a man and a women are making love for the first time . " cor what a small organ ! " the women sniggered " it may be small , darling " replied the man " but it ' s never played in a cathedral before ! "
a woman ' s breasts are like a child ' s toys . they are meant for the child - but the husband is the one that usually ends up playing with them .
there are three well known rings to marriage : engagement ring , wedding ring , and suffering !
yo mama ' s like humpty dumpty . . . . first she gets humped , then she gets dumped !
if you don ' t like my driving , stay out of the bus shelters !
overheard at an exhibit in the science museum : " it says here that oxygen was discovered over two hundred years ago . " " wow ! what did people breathe before that ? "
a mother and son were washing dishes while the father and daughter were watching tv in the family room . suddenly , there was a crash of breaking dishes , then complete silence . the girl looked at her dad and said , " it was mom . " " how do you know ? " " she didn ' t say anything . "
from the instruction manual for the first stewardesses ( in 1930 ) : keep the clock and altimeter wound up . carry a railroad timetable in case the plane is grounded . warn the passengers against throwing their cigars and cigarettes out the windows . keep an eye on passengers when they go to the lavatory to be sure they don ' t mistakenly go out the emergency exit .

how does michael jackson pick his nose ? through a catalogue ! !
did you hear about the woman who poured margaritas in her birdbath ? enough tequila mockingbird .
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? chips . chips who ? chips ahoy !
yo momma so dumb , she spent twenty minutes staring at a orange juice bottle because it said , ' concentrate ' .
q . how do you kill a blond ? a . put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool .
yo mama is so fat , when she got on the scale it said to be continued !
yo momma so dirty she has to sneak up on the water
your momma such a bitch , pms cheers her up .
yo mama is so fat , when she stepped on the scale she screwed it to the bottom of the floor .
did you hear about the new dictionary for masochists ? it has all the words , but they ' re not in alphabetical order .
a tearful woman phoned a reducing salon to wail that her husband had just given her a lovely present and she couldn ' t get into it . the operator gave her an appointment and added , " don ' t worry , madam , we ' ll have you wearing that dress in no time . " " dress ? " the matron sobbed . " it ' s a porsche ! "
never ever take a sleeping pill and a laxative in the same night .
" doctor , i ' d like you to evaluate my 13 year - old son . " " ok : he ' s most likely suffering from a transient psychosis with an intermittent rage disorder , punctuated by episodic radical mood swings , but his prognosis is good for full recovery . " " how can you say all that without even meeting him ? " " i thought you said he ' s 13 ? "
yo momma is so dumb she had to call 411 to get the number for 911 .
yo mama so dumb , her favorite color is clear .
yo mama so big , fat , and clumsey , when she tried to get to wal - mart , she stumbled over k - mart and landed right on target .
how do you keep a blonde busy ? ( see below ) how do you keep a blonde busy ? ( see above )
a dumb blonde , a smart blonde , and santa claus were invited to a party . on the way , the dumb blonde ' s car broke down . the smart blonde missed the bus . two of santa claus ' reindeer ran away . who got to the party first ? the dumb blonde , because the other two don ' t exist !
a local psychic hotline opened up a new number especially for frogs , called " the psychic frog - line . " a frog called , wanting to know his future . " you will meet a beautiful young girl , " predicted the psychic . " this is great ! " said the frog . " where will i meet her ? at a party ? at the pond ? " " no , " replied the psychic . " next semester in a biology class . "
how many paranoids does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? what exactly do you mean by that ?
how was copper wire invented ? two lawyers were fighting over a penny .
a mushroom walks into a bar and asks for a beer . the bartender , not wanting to serve a mushroom , says " uh uh , i ' m not serving no mushroom . " " aw , come on - i ' m a fungi ! " the mushroom replies .
a cat ' s dictionary . purring : sound of a cat manufacturing cuteness . purrverse : poem about a strange kitty . purranoia : the fear that your cat is up to something . human being : automatic door opener for cats . purrpetual : everlasting love for domesticated felines . purrson : a male kitty . purrpetual motion : a kitty playing .
two women were sitting beside each other in the airport . " where are you flying to ? " , the woman on the right asked . with an attitude , the other replied " you should never end a sentece with the word ' to ' " . " ok " , said the woman on the right . " where are you flying to , bitch ? "
a man went to a psychiatrist and explained his problem . " two weeks ago i had a dream that i was a tippee . then , the next day , i dreamt i was a wigwam . in my next dream , i was a teepee again , and this has been happening the whole too weeks ! what ' s wrong with me , doc ? " . " it ' s simple . you ' re just two tents " .
two scientists were discussing their latest behaviour - modification research . " we ' ve started something new , " said the first scientist . " for some of our more dangerous experiments , we ' re now using lawyers . " " lawyers ? " questioned her colleague . " but we ' ve always used rats . " " well , you know how it is . you get so attached to the rats . "
my sister gave birth in a state - of - the - art delivery room . it was so high tech that the baby came out cordless !
q . how many car salesmen does it take to change a light bulb ? a . i ' m just going to work this out on my calculator , and i think you ' re going to be pleasantly surprised .
why don ' t ghosts make good magicians ? you can see right through them !
patient : doctor doctor , j keep seeing doubles ! doctor : please take a seat . patient : which one ?
one time , when i was a kid , i forgot to do my homework , so i stole someone else ' s and turned it in . after class , the teacher pulled me over . she asked why i didn ' t turn in the homework . i said , guess i forgot to change the name on it !
i had four cappuccinos at one time . i was bouncing off the walls . good thing they were padded .
i didn ' t mean to agitate the police officer . water balloons are good fun , but he had to get all mad . then he grabbed that metal baton thingy . that ' s a lot less fun than a water balloon . i even said " think fast ! " he didn ' t say that to me when he used the baton on my face .
why is boxing a sport ? if i beat someone up in an alley and someone sees it , i get arrested . if i beat someone up in an arena where thousands see it happen , i get cheered . i ' ve done both . i like the alley better though .
how many existentialists does it take to change a light bulb ? what light bulb ?
yo momma is so big that when pirates see her they say , " land ho ! "
yo mama ' s so dumb , she thought that a playstation was a day care place .
knock knock who ' s there ? madam madam who ? madam foot ' s caught in the door !
yo mama ' s so fat that when she went bungee jumping , she took down the whole bridge with her .
yo mama ' s so fat that she rents herself out as a jumping castle .
knock knock who ' s there ? july july who ? july like bill clinton
famous last words " oh come on , nobody ' s died from this in years . " " i saw it on jackass last night . " " my dad did it when he was a kid . " " yes , i ' m sure that the power is off . " " it ' ll only hurt for a couple of days . " " see , i ' m not afraid of heights . "
famous last words : " the gun isn ' t loaded , ok ? " " yes , i double checked . " " this fuse should give us plenty of time . " " i don ' t think he has a gun . " " this is a very safe neighborhood ! " " i am 100% sure of the blast radius . "
this is off a coast guard bumper sticker : support search and rescue : get lost !
my college doesn ' t allow pets in my dorm , so when i got a kitten i had the guys in my dorm refer to him as " the book " to avoid suspicion . one morning , as i carried the kitten out to my car in a crate , my girlfriend stopped me and asked , " where are you taking the book ? " " she ' s getting spayed today , " i said . " hmm . . . " she said . " i guess that means no sequels ! "
darn those pushy metric system advocates ! give them 2 . 54 cm . , and they ' ll take 1 . 6093 km !
yo mama ' s so fat , her inuit name is denali !
yo momma is so dumb , she thought a gamecube was a rubik ' s puzzle .
yo momma ' s so fat , when she jumps in the ocean , people head for higher ground .
yo self - centered momma is so fat , the world really does revolve around her !
yo mama is so fat , your family photos have to be shot from a plane .
yo mama is so fat and lazy , that her hair - do has been turned into a national forest .
yo mama so stupid , she got fired at the m & m factory because she threw out all the w ' s !
3 people were asked to find the " hardest " word in the dictionary . one person found the word " happiness " . one person found the word " photosynthesis " . the last person found the word " dick " .
how many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? none , blondes usually screw in cars !
what do railroad tracks and blondes have in common ? they are both laid all over america !
how do you get a blonde to laugh on friday ? tell her a joke on monday !
what does a blonde do when she wakes up ? she goes home !
a blonde is like a door knob , everyone gets a turn !
knock knock ! who ' s there ? little boy blue . little boy blue who ? micheal jackson ! ! ! ! !
why are constipated people so mean and rude ? . . because they don ' t give a crap !
what do hookers and bungee jump cords have in common ? they ' re both cheap , fast and if the rubber breaks , your dead !
yo mama so old that when i told her to act her age , she died !
if it sounds like a duck , has a beak like a duck and feet like a duck , and swims like a duck , you still better make sure that it ain ' t a platypus !
a boy asks his dad , " dad , what is 6 . 9 ? " the dad answers , " 69 interrupted by a period ! "
why does santa have such big balls ? because he only comes once a year !
you ' re so stupid that you sold your car for gas money !
one blonde was so dumb she got locked in a bathroom and pissed her self !
a blonde is like a turtle . if either one is on their back , they are screwed !
how do you confuse a blonde ? put her in a circular room and tell her there is a vibrator in the corner . how does a blonde confuse you ? when she comes out and says she found it .
how many blonde jokes are there ? one . the rest are all true stories .
what ' s the difference between a blonde and the internet ? not everyone has been on the internet !
how do you fit 4 gay guys on a chair ? turn it upside down !
what do osama bin laden and crabs have in common . they both irritate bush !
what is grosser than gross ? when a midget walks by and says your hair smells nice !
what is the name for a bandaid on a pumpkin ? a pumpkin patch !
you ' re so stupid , you tried to kill a bird by throwing it off a cliff .
your so stupid you tried to kill a fish by drowning it !
your so stupid you invented glow in the dark sun glasses !
you ' re so dumb you invented water proof tea bags !
you ' re so fat , when you went outside wearing a yellow dress everybody called " taxi "
you ' re so ugly , you can ' t even turn on a lightbulb !
you ' re so fat that everybody has to talk behind your back !
yo mama so ugly , when she went to go rob a bank she didn ' t have to use no gun , she just reached her head over the counter and said put the money in the bag ! ! ! ! !
yo mama so fat , when she sat on a quarter , boogers came out of george washington ' s nose .
what did the lawyer name his daughter ? answer : sue
can you go skinny dippin ' if you ' re fat ? is it possible to fight on a luv seat ? if you drink tap water can you tap dance ? by : lilpapa92
the boss was complaining in our staff meeting the other day that he wasn ' t getting any respect . later that morning he went to a local card and novelty shop and bought a small sign that read , " i ' m the boss " . he then taped it to his office door . later that day when he returned from lunch , he found that someone had taped a note to the sign that said . " your wife called , she wants her sign back
why did the blonde take a right into the ditch ? her blinker was on .
one day , a little boy wrote to santa clause , " please send me a sister . " santa clause wrote him back , " ok , send me your mother . "
how do you keep a blonde busy on a rainy day ? tell her to touch the rainbow .
a hunter visited another hunter and was given a tour of his home . in the den was a stuffed lion . the visiting hunter asked , " when did you bag him ? " the host said , " that was three years ago , when i went hunting with my wife . " " what ' s he stuffed with ? " asked the visiting hunter , and the host said , " my wife . "
you ' re so stupid that when you send a fax you put a stamp on it
nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes . there ' s too much fraternizing with the enemy .
a man and his friend are out camping and the first one needs to go to the bathroom and they have no toliet paper so he asks his friend what to do . his friend says just wipe it with your hand and smack it on a rock . so the man does so and smacks his hand on a rock and it hurts him really bad , so to reduce the pain he sucks on his hand .
yo mama ' s so fat , she fell in love and broke it .
two cows were talking in the field . one cow says , " have you heard about the mad cow disease that ' s going around ? " the other cow answers , " yeah , makes you glad we ' re penguins , doesn ' t it ? "
what is the difference between a bmw & a porcupine ? a porcupine has pricks on the outside .
in midtown manhattan a police officer arrives at the scene of what appears to be a bad accident . a pedestrian is lying in the crosswalk . the driver of the car under suspicion says , " i swear i didn ' t touch him ! i saw him at the crosswalk , i came to a complete stop , motioned for him to cross , and he fainted . "
that sometimes when you cry , no one sees your tears . sometimes when you ' re sad , no one understands your pain . sometimes when you ' re happy , no one sees your smile . but you just have to fart once , and everybody knows .
did you hear about the sailor who died , and wanted to be buried at sea by his 5 blonde daughters ? his daughters all drowned digging the grave .
you ' re so poor i went in your front door and came out the back .
why did the boy eat his homework ? because his teacher said it was a piece of cake
a guy walks into a psychiatrist ' s office covered only in saran wrap . he says to the doctor , " i ' ve felt so weird lately , doc , can you tell me what ' s wrong ? " the doctor replied , " well , i can clearly see your nuts ! "
why don ' t you slip into something comfortable . like a coma .
i haven ' t seen anyone run that fast since twinkies went on sale .
blondes are like a rollercoaster , everyone gets a ride ! ! !
what do you call an irishman sitting in your backyard ? paddy o ' furniture
a tutor who tooted the flute tried to teach two young tooters to toot said the two to the tutor is it harder to toot or to tutor two tooters to toot ?
broccoli , while not exoccoli , is within an inach of being spinach .
q . what ' s worse than raining cats and dogs ? a . hailing taxicabs !
a little girl got on her grandpa ' s lap and said , " did god make me ? " " yes , " the grandpa replied . " did god make you , too ? " " yes , " the grandpa said . " well , " the little girl said , while running her fingers down his wrinkles and looking at his thinning hair , " he sure is doing a better job nowadays . "
little johnny came running into the house and asked , " mommy , can little girls have babies ? " " no , " said his mom , " of course not . " little johnny then ran back outside and his mom heard him yell to his friends , " it ' s okay , we can play that game again ! "
q : why did the blonde get pulled over by the police ? a : her headlights weren ' t working , so she was flashing people
did you hear about the accident at the mall ? there was a power outage and a group of blondes was stuck on the escalator for 3 hours !
hear about the new sushi bar that caters exclusively to lawyers ? it ' s called , sosumi .
q : what do you call one lawyer thrown off a bridge into a river ? a : pollution . q : what do you call all the lawyers thrown off a bridge ? a : solution .
yo mama ' s so fat the only thing stopping her from getting into jenny craig is the door !
a blond guy and a brunette girl were happily married and about to have a baby . one day , the wife started having contractions , so the husband rushed her to the hospital . he held her hand as she went through a trying birth , and in the end , there were two little baby boys . the blond guy turned to his wife and angrily said , " all right , who ' s the other father ? "
knock - knock who ' s there ? joe joe who ? jo mama
i would punch you but i couldn ' t make you any uglier .
knock - knock whose there ? says says who ? says me
q : what ' s invisible and smells like carrots ? a : bunny farts !
two children were in a doctor ' s waiting room . the little girl was softly sobbing . " why are you crying ? " asked the little boy . " i ' m here for a blood test , and they ' re going to cut my finger , " said the girl . when he heard this , the little boy started to cry . " why are you crying ? " asked the girl . the boy looked at her worriedly and said , " i ' m here for a urine test . "
what is beethoven doing today ? - decomposing .
you might be a redneck if your baby ' s first words were , " attention , k - mart shoppers ! "
boy : will you punish me for something i didn ' t do ? teacher : of course not ! boy : good cause i didn ' t do my homework !
a man speaks frantically into the phone , " my wife is pregnant , and her contractions are only two minutes apart ! " " is this her first child ? " the doctor queries . " no , you idiot ! " the man shouts . " this is her husband ! "
a girl and her best friend were at a cafe . the girl said her boyfriend finally told her about marriage . her best friend asked her what he said . " he is married and has 3 kids , " she replied .
yo momma is so fat she has more chins than a chinese phone book !
if two ' s a company and three ' s a crowd . . . what ' s four and five ? nine ! ! ! !
ghost stories by i . c . spooks rocket to the sun by r . u . nuts your book of glamour by q . t pie the camel ride by major bum - issore how to grow shorter by neil down how to grow taller by stan dup
crime and punishment by laura norda the use of natural fertilizers ; by g . g . dunnit the way to quick riches ; by robbin banks holidays in britain ; by a . pauline whetha contagious diseases ; by willie catchit driving through germany ; by otto mobile broken window ; by eva brick monsters ; by frank n . stein cliff tragedy ; by eileen dover even more to come , i promise ! ! ! !
a hole in the bucket by lee king long walk by miss . d . bus the playground by c . saw fitting carpets by walter wall around the world by sir cumfrence flexibility by ben dover bladder controld by idon p . freely
a blonde and brunette jump off a cliff at the same time . why did the brunette hit the floor before the blonde ? the blonde asked for directions !
at heathrow airport today , an individual , later discovered to be a public school teacher , was arrested trying to board a flight while in possession of a compass , a protractor , and a graphical calculator . authorities believe he is a member of the notorious al - gebra movement . he is being charged with carrying weapons of math instruction .
a kindergarten teacher was observing her classroom of children while they were drawing . she walked around to look at the artwork . as she got to one little girl who was working diligently , she asked what the drawing was . the girl replied , " i ' m drawing god . " the teacher paused and said , " but no one knows what god looks like . without missing a beat , or looking up from her drawing the girl replied , " they will in a minute . "
a blonde walks into a hospital in slight discomfort . " can i have a hot towel to put on my nose , please ? " the nurse was curious and asked , " why would you like a hot towel to put on your nose ? " the blonde replies , " well , i wanted to sniff some coke to see what the big deal was , and i got an ice cube stuck up my nose . "
the beautiful , vain blonde was visiting las vegas for the first time . she approached the roulette wheel , but it looked very confusing . " how should i bet ? " she asked the man standing beside her . " try betting your age , " he suggested . so the blonde put $ 500 on the number 32 . the ball landed on 36 , and the blonde promptly fainted .
as an architect watched a mechanic remove engine parts from his car , a surgeon , waiting for his own car to be repaired , walked over . they introduced themselves , and began talking about their lines of work . " you know , " said the architect , " i sometimes believe a mechanic ' s work is as complicated as the work that we do . " " perhaps , " the surgeon commented . " but let ' s see him do it with the engine running . "
after a party , one man was in no shape to drive , so he wisely left his car and walked home . as he was walking unsteadily along , he was stopped by a policeman . " what are you doing out here at 2 o ' clock in the morning ? " the officer asked . " i ' m going to a lecture , " the man said . " and who would be giving this lecture at this hour ? " the cop asked . " my wife , " the guy replied .
a groom and his bride are standing at the alter when the woman looks at her prospective husband and sees he has a set of golf clubs . " what on earth are you doing with those golf clubs in church ? " she whispers . " well , " he replies , " this won ' t take all afternoon , will it ? "
q : why did the blonde have bruises around her bellybutton ? a : because her boyfriend was blond too !
an englishman , irishman , scotsman and a fat man are all going skydiving . when they get to jump the englishman shouts , " god save england ! " the scotsman shouts , " god save scotland ! " the irishman shouts , " god save ireland ! " then the fat man jumps and shouts , " god save whoever i land on ! "
what ' s another name for a push - up bra ? false advertisement
a couple goes to an art gallery . they find a picture of a naked women with only her privates covered with leaves . the wife doesn ' t like it and moves on but the huband keeps looking . the wife asks , " what are you waiting for ? " the husband replies , " autumn . "
a teacher was having trouble teaching arithmetic to one little boy . so she said , " if you reached in your right pocket and found a nickel , and you reached in your left pocket and found another one , what would you have ? " " somebody else ' s pants . " the boy replied .
the chinese say : baseball is wrong . man with four balls cannot walk .
men who walk in front of car get tired . men who walk in back of car get exhausted .
what kind of soup do you order at a gay chinese resturant ? cream of yungi ( cream of young guy )
saddam and an american were in the bathroom peeing in the urinals . when the american was done , he was going to leave without washing his hands . saddam said , " you know , i learned to wash my hands . " the american replied , " well , i learned not to pee on my hands . "
yo mama is so dumb it took her an hour to make minute rice ! ! !
when the phone rang , she excused herself from the sofa . a few seconds later she rejoined her male companion . " who was it ? " he asked . " my husband , " she replied . " i better get going , " he said . " where was he ? " " relax . he ' ll be late , he ' s playing poker with you . "
how do you know that carrots are good for your eyesight ? have you ever seen a rabbit with glasses ?
the lady golfer was a determined , if not very proficient player . at each swipe she made at the ball , earth flew in all directions . " gracious me , " she exclaimed red - faced to her caddie , " the worms will think there ' s an earthquake . " " i don ' t know , " replied the caddie , " the worms round here are very clever . i ' ll bet most of them are hiding underneath the ball for safety . "
he was a smooth operator , and at the club ' s annual dance he attached himself to the prettiest lady golfer in the room and was boasting to her . " you know , they ' re all afraid to play me . what do you think my handicap is ? " " well , where do you want me to start ? " came the quick response .
" your late teeing off , fred . " " yup , well being sunday i had to toss a coin to see if i should go to church , or to play golf " " but why are you so late ? " " i had to toss for it fifteen times ! "
the man approached the very beautiful woman in the large supermarket and asked , " you know , i ' ve lost my wife here in the supermarket . can you talk to me for a couple of minutes ? " " why ? " " because every time i talk to a beautiful woman my wife appears out of nowhere . "
while my brother - in - law was tapping away on his home computer , his ten - year - old daughter sneaked up behind him . then she turned and ran into the kitchen , squealing to the rest of the family , " i know daddy ' s password ! i know daddy ' s password ! " " what is it ? her sisters asked eagerly . proudly she replied , " asterisk , asterisk , asterisk , asterisk , asterisk ! "
two blondes were walking down the street . one noticed a compact on the sidewalk and leaned down to pick it up . she opened it , looked in the mirror and said , " hmmm , this person looks familiar . " the second blonde said , " let me look ! " the first blonde handed her the compact . the second blonde looked in the mirror and said , " you dummy , it ' s me !
if you ' re fat . can you still disapear into thin air ? if you ' re fat , can you still have slim chances of doing something ?
what ' s the difference between yo mamma and a water buffalo ? about 20 pounds ! how do you even out the difference ? either force feed the buffalo or shave your mom .
you know you ' re a redneck if : 1 ) you drive your house and sleep in your car . 2 ) you think a loaded dishwasher means your wife is drunk . 3 ) you have more than 2 relatives named buh buh . 4 ) you let your 12 year old daughter smoke at the dinner table in front of her kids . 5 ) you ' ve been to a wedding reception at the waffle house .
a grandmother was surprised by her 7 year old grandson one morning when he had made her coffee . she drank what was the worst cup of coffee in her life . when she got to the bottom there were three of those little green army men in the cup . she said , " honey , what are the army men doing in my coffee ? " her grandson said , " grandma , it says on tv - ' the best part of waking up is soldiers in your cup ! ' "
police chief : as a recruit , you ' ll be faced with some difficult issues . what would you do if you had to arrest your mother ? new recruit : call for backup !
knock knock . who ' s there ? banana . banana who ? knock knock . who ' s there ? banana . banana who ? knock knock . who ' s there ? banana . banana who ? knock knock . who ' s there ? banana . banana who ? knock knock . who ' s there ? orange . orange who ? orange you glad i didn ' t say banana !
yo mamma so fat when she sat on a jelly bean it got lost between her butt and her backbone , and we have been looking for it still for 31 years .
q : what ' s the difference between a girls track team and a tribe of pygmies ? a : the pygmies are cunning little runts .
q : what do you call 4 blondes standing side - by - side ? a : a wind tunnel .
what do you call a bear who ' s into gardening ? a hairy potter !
how do you turn a blonde into a brunette ? make her do a cartwheel !
abraham lincoln , bill clinton , and george washington were all on an airplane looking out the door . george washington says , " i ' m going to make somebody happy " then throws a $ 20 out of the plane . bill clinton says , " i ' m going to make two people happy " then throws 2 $ 20 ' s out of the plane . abraham lincoln says " i ' m going to make everybody happy " and throws bill clinton out of the plane .
middle age : when knees buckle and belts don ' t .
navy dentist ' s licence plate : top gum
poise : the ability to continue speaking fluently while the other fellow is picking up the cheque .
a man noted for his tact was awakened one morning at four o ' clock by his ringing telephone . " your dog ' s barking , and it ' s keeping me awake , " said an irate voice . the man thanked his caller and politely asked his name before hanging up . the next morning at four o ' clock , he called his neighbour back . " sir , " he said , " i don ' t have a dog . "
after giving a woman a full medical examination , the doctor explained his prescription as he wrote it out . " when you get up , take the green pill with a glass of water . take the blue pill with a glass of water after lunch . then just before going to bed , take the red pill with another glass of water . " " exactly what is my problem , doctor ? " the woman asked . " you ' re not drinking enough water . "
god : " whew ! i just created a 24 - hour period of alternating light and darkness on earth . " angel : " what are you going to do now ? " god : " call it a day . "
q : how many managers does it take to change a light bulb ? a : we ' ve formed a task force to study the problem of why light bulbs burn out and to figure out what , exactly , we as supervisors can do to make the bulbs work smarter , not harder .
q : how many shipping department personnel does it take to change a light bulb ? a : we can change the bulb in seven to ten working days , but if you call before 2 p . m . and pay an extra $ 15 , we can get it changed overnight .
q : how many management information services guys does it take to change a light bulb ? a : mis has received your request concerning your hardware problem and has assigned you request number 39712 . please use this number for any future reference to the light bulb issue .
a six - year - old comes crying to his mother because his little sister pulled his hair . " don ' t be angry at your sister , " the mother says . " she doesn ' t realize that pulling hair hurts . " a short while later , there ' s more crying , and the mother goes to investigate . this time the sister is bawling , and her brother says , " now she knows . "
men ' s magazines often feature pictures of naked women . women ' s magazines also feature pictures of naked women . this is because the female body is a beautiful work of art , while the male body is lumpy and hairy and should not be seen by the light of day . men are turned on at the sight of a naked woman ' s body . most naked men elicit laughter from women .
" honey , " said this husband to his wife , " i invited a friend home for supper . " " what ? are you crazy ? the house is a mess , i didn ' t go shopping , all the dishes are dirty , and i don ' t feel like cooking a fancy meal ! " " i know all that . " " then why did you invite a friend for supper ? " " because the poor fool ' s thinking about getting married . "
the ten things a guy knows about a girl : 1 . 2 . 3 . 4 . 5 . 6 . 7 . 8 . 9 . 10 . they have boobs .
finding one of her students making faces at others on the playground , ms . smith , the sunday school teacher , smiling sweetly said , " bobby , when i was a child i was told if that i made ugly an face , it would freeze and i would stay like that . " bobby looked up and replied , " well , ms . smith , you can ' t say you weren ' t warned . "
heard over the hospital public address system : due to a mix up in urology , no apple juice will be served this morning .
when ice skating , never judge a brook by its cover .
children certainly brighten up a home . who ever saw a child under 12 turn off an electric light ?
what do you get when you see peas spinning in circles ? world peace ( whirled peas )
a genetic scientist managed to create dolphins that would live to 250 years of age - if they were fed seagulls . one day the scientist ' s supply of gulls ran out , so he went out to trap some more . on the way back , he came upon two sleeping lions . not wanting to wake the big cats , he gingerly stepped over them and was promptly arrested for . . . transporting gulls across sedate lions for immortal porpoises !
once there was a girl at a restaurant and ordered anything in a saucer . the waiter was walking to her table when the girl tripped him . the waiter said " why did you trip me ? " and the girl , without the least of the waiter ' s worries simply said " i wanted to see a flying saucer ! "
what ' s the difference between a smart blonde and bigfoot ? maybe someday we ' ll find bigfoot .
yo mama so fat she ' s got a real horse on her polo shirt .
once there was a mom and a dad , they had a daughter called angelica . so the dad was very thirsty because he had been driving a lot , so he asked his daughter " sweetheart can i have some of your juice ? " she answers " daddy no drinking and driving , that ' s what the law says ! ! ! "
visitor : " knock knock ? " worker : " who ' s there ? " visitor : " doughnut man . " worker : " doughnut man who ? " visitor : " for the last time , do not ( doughnut ) bother me with your useless ' knock - knock ' jokes ! " worker : " but you started it ! "
knock - knock who ' s there who who who i don ' t know what the heck your talking about but good owl impression .
what do you call a blonde which is as sweet as a pickle and has dirty blonde hair ? a sweet potatoe !
q : why are fingers on the statue of liberty 11 inches long ? a : because if they were 12 inches they would be feet .
knock knock ? ? who ' s there ? hatch hatch - who ? bless you
who ' s bigger ? mr . bigger or mr . bigger ' s baby ? his baby cause he is a little bigger .
why was cinderella kicked off the basketball team ? she kept running away from the ball ! !
knock knock ? ? ? who ' s there ? ya ya who ? where did that cowboy come from ? ?
if a man becomes president , his wife is the first lady . if a woman became president , what would you call her husband ? whipped .
there were three blondes in the forest and they saw some tracks . the first blonde said , " look , bear tracks . " the second blonde said , " no , stupid , those are wolf tracks . " the third blonde said , " you ' re both wrong , those are rabbit tracks . " then the train came and ran them all over .
a three - year - old boy went with his dad to see a litter of kittens . on returning home , he breathlessly informed his mother , " there were two boy kittens and two girl kittens . " " how did you know ? " his mother asked . daddy picked them up and looked underneath , he replied , " i think it ' s printed on the bottom . "
" he who laughs last , thinks slowest . "
little emily was complaining to her mother that her stomach hurt . her mother replied , " that ' s because it ' s empty . maybe you should try putting something in it . " the next day , the pastor was over at emily ' s family ' s house for lunch . he mentioned having his head hurt , to which emily immediately replied , " that ' s because it ' s empty . maybe you should try putting something in it . "
why did michael jackson cover his body in cheese spread ? because kids will do anything for the taste of dairylee .
for all you blonde ladies out there . why are blonde jokes so short ? so men can remember them
what do you call a blond who can change a lightbulb ? talented
what do you call a man who put the toilet seat down after use ? don ' t know it ' s never happened .
how many electricians does it take to change a lightbulb ? one i hope .
what ' s the difference between a ford and a golf ball ? you can drive a golf ball 200 yards .
there is an old lady driving on interstate 22 . a police car pulls her over and explains to the lady she is going 22 mph . she said , ' ' i know , isn ' t that the speed limit ? " the officer said , ' ' no , this is interstate 22 ' ' . the police officer looks in the back seat and there are three children looking quite ill . he asks her if they need help and she explains , ' ' no , we just left interstate 119 . "
a minister was opening his mail one morning . drawing a single sheet of paper from an envelope , he found written on it only one word : " fool . " the next sunday he announced , " i have known many people who have written letters and forgot to sign their names . but this week i received a letter from someone who signed his name and had forgotten to write a letter . "
q : how many fbi agents does it take to change a light bulb ? a : i ' m afraid that you are not able to receive this classified information .
an older man wearing a stovepipe hat , a waistcoat and a phony beard sat down at a bar and ordered a drink . as the bartender set it down , he asked , " going to a party ? " ' yeah , ' the man answered , ' i ' m supposed to come dressed as my love life . ' ' but you look like abe lincoln . ' protested the barkeep . ' that ' s right . my last four scores were seven years ago . '
there was once a young man who , in his youth , professed his desire to become a great writer . when asked to define " great " he said , " i want to write stuff that the whole world will read , stuff that people will react to on a truly emotional level , stuff that will make them scream , cry , howl in pain and anger ! " he now works for microsoft , writing error messages .
blonde jokes started when a brunette and a red head had to much time on their hands , because a blond was out with their boyfriends .
bill walked into his favorite dive bar , took his regular stool , looked around , and asked louie , the bartender , " where ' s beverly , the waitress ? " " she ' s dead , " replied the bartender . " dead ? " asked bill . " she died from herpes , " said the bartender . bill replied , " you don ' t die from herpes . " " you do if you give it to big louie ! " said the bartender .
a man sat at a bar , drinking slowly . on his face was the saddest hangdog expression . the bartender asked , " what ' s the matter ? are you having troubles with your wife ? " the man said , " we had a fight , and she told me that she wasn ' t going to speak to me for a month . " the bartender said , " that should make you happy . " the man sadly shook his head and said , " not when the month is up today ! "
q : whats the difference between a blonde and a mosquito ? a : a mosquito will stop sucking when you smack it !
q : a blonde , a brunette , and a redhead are all in the 3rd grade . who has the biggest tits ? a : the blonde because she is 18 .
q : how can you tell when a blonde has been driving your car ? a : there is lipstick on the steering wheel from her blowing the horn .
the executive was interviewing a young blonde for a position in his company . he wanted to find out something about her personality so he asked , " if you could have a conversation with someone , living or dead , who would it be ? " the blonde quickly responded , " the living one . "
q . why do blondes wear panties ? a . to keep their ankles warm ! !
q : what are the worst six years in a blonde ' s life ? a : fourth grade .
little johnny watched , fascinated , as his mother smoothed cold cream on her face . " why do you do that , mommy ? " he asked . " to make myself beautiful , " said his mother , who then began removing the cream with a tissue . " what ' s the matter ? " asked little johnny . " giving up ? "
q : what ' s the difference between snowmen and snowwomen ? a : snowballs
a man was out , driving happily along in his car late one saturday night . before too long , a cop pulled him over . the policeman walked up to the man and asked , " have you been drinking , sir ? " " why ? was i weaving all over the road ? " " no , " replied the policeman , " you were driving splendidly . it was the really ugly girl in the passenger seat that gave you away . "
you ' re so fat you make sumos look anorexic .
you ' re so fat richard simmons laughs at you .
you might be a redneck if you think fast - food is hitting a dear at 65mph .
two crisps are walking down the road when a car pulls up alongside and the driver leans out and says " do you fancy a lift ? " . the crisps reply , " no thanks we ' re walkers " .
police officer : " excuse me , but your dog has been chasing a man on his bicycle " . dog owner : " are you crazy ? my dog can ' t even ride a bicycle " .
attending the funeral of an actress who had been married ten times , a friend sobbed to the priest , " well , at least they ' re together at last . " the clergyman looked around . " which of her husbands is buried here ? " " none , " said the friend . " i meant , her legs . "

q . what is the speed limit for sex ? a . 68 , at 69 you have to turn around !
resolving to surprise her husband , an executive ' s wife stopped by his office . when she opened the door , she found him with his secretary sitting in his lap . without hesitating , he dictated , " . . . and in conclusion , gentlemen , budget cuts or no budget cuts , i cannot continue to operate this office with just one chair . "
boss ( to the new employee ) : we are very keen on cleanliness . did you wipe your feet on the mat as you came in ? new employee : yes , sir . boss : we are also keen on truthfulness . there is no mat .
a man came back from a long business trip to find that his son had a new $ 300 mountain bike . " how ' d you get that , son ? " " by hiking . " " hiking ? " " yeah , every night , mom ' s boss came over and gave me $ 20 to take a hike . "
yo momma is so fat that she is on both sides of the family !
a husband and wife had a bitter quarrel on the day of their 40th wedding anniversary . the husband yells , " when you die , i ' m getting you a headstone that reads , ' here lies my wife - cold as ever . ' " " yeah ? ! " she replies . " when you die , i ' m getting you a headstone that reads , ' here lies my husband - stiff at last . ' "
" he who laughs last , doesn ' t get the joke . "
if barbie is so popular , why do you have to buy all her friends ?
there are three kinds of people in this world , those who can count , and those who can not !
vacation begins when dad says . " i know a shortcut " !
energizer bunny arrested . . . charged with battery .
lottery , a tax on people who can ' t do math
all generalizations are false
yo momma so fat , and you so poor , she stepped in your house and the tires popped .
eat right , stay fit , die anyway !
irs . . . we ' ve got what it takes , to take what you ' ve got
laugh alone and the world thinks you ' re an idiot .
dna , national dyslexic association
be nice to your kids , they ' ll choose your nursing home .
i don ' t suffer from insanity . . . i enjoy every minute of it .
no one is listening to you until you make a mistake .
dyslexics of the world , untie !
dare , to keep cops off donuts
on the other hand , you have different fingers .
save a tree , eat a beaver ! !
nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool .
sometimes i wake up grumpy , other times i let her sleep .
always remember that you are unique , just like everybody else !
always go to other peoples funerals , or they wont come to yours .
everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time .
bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks .
nobody ' s perfect - i ' m a nobody .
ask me about my vow of silence . .
courdory pillows - - they ' re making headlines .
what is another word for thesaurus ?
the hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of bread .
how many gay people does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? 8 , one to screw it in , and seven to stand back and say " fabulous ! "
there was a man who entered a local paper ' s pun contest . he sent in ten different puns , in the hope that at least one of the puns would win . unfortunately , no pun in ten did .
q : what is the definition of a sick bird ? a : illegal
veronica : nurse , i am losing my hair ! nurse : okay , what size paper bag do you need ?
attending a wedding for the first time , a little girl whispered to her mother : " why is the bride dressed in white ? " " because white is the color of happiness and today is the happiest day of her life , " her mother tried to explain , keeping it simple . the child thought about this for a moment , then said : " so then why is the groom wearing black ? "
her name was virginia . they called her virgin for short , but not for long !
and out of the night came the terrible scream , " who put the sand in the vaseline ! ? "
if my dog was as ugly as your mom , i ' d shave its butt and teach it to walk backwards !
a blonde missed a 44 bus so she took the 22 bus twice !
a panda walks into a bar and eats lunch . when he is finished he shoots the waiter and leaves . the owner ran after the panda and asked him why he did such and thing . the panda replied , " look up the word ' panda ' in the dictionary . " the owner did so and it read , " panadas are black and white animals . they eat shoots and leaves . "
q : what do you get when you cross a snake and a kangaroo ? a : a jump rope
q : what do you get when you cross a kangaroo and a sheep ? a : a sweater with pockets
all the boys and girls in mrs . dovers class are drawing . mrs . dover came over to tommy and said , " what picture are you drawing ? " tommy said , " a cow eating grass . " " ok , where ' s the grass ? " " the cow ate it all . " " ok , where ' s the cow ? " " he went to go look for more grass . "
what ' s the difference between two yards ? a . usually a fence .
knock knock ? who ' s there ? megan megan who ? makin a list chekin it twice gonna find out who ' s naughty or nice .
when physics meets star wars : may the net force be with you !
q : why did piglet look in the toilet ? a : he was looking for pooh ( poo )
there were 3 tomatoes . a momma tomato , a papa tomato , and a baby tomato . the baby tomato started to fall behind and the papa tomato called over to him and said , " ketchup ! "
all lazy peoples ' slogan must be " the early bird gets the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . " but fear not for all of you who wake up early just keep this in mind : the first cat gets the mouse .
a blonde girl enters a store that sells curtains . she tells the salesman : " i would like to buy a pink curtain that ' s the size of my computer screen " . the surprised salesman replies : " but , madam , computers do not need curtains . . . . " and the blonde said : " helloooo . . . . i ' ve got windows ! "
knock knock ! who ' s there ? yo da lay he . yo da lay he who ? i didn ' t know you could yodel !
why doesn ' t a blonde talk during sex ? because her mother told her never to talk to strangers .
q : what ' s black , blue , brown and laying in a ditch ? a : a brunette who ' s told too many blonde jokes .
knock - knock who ' s there ? rita rita who ? rita book , you might learn something !
q . what do you call a guy that sits on your doorstep ? a . a matt .
q : what do you call a guy with a spade in his head ? a : doug . q : what do you call a guy without a spade in his head ? a : douglas
question : who am i if i have 73 eyes , 4 noses , 8 heads , 139 arms , 78 legs and 100 , 000 , 000 lips ? answer : a liar .
one day a housework - challenged husband decided to wash his sweatshirt . seconds after he stepped into the laundry room , he shouted to his wife , " what setting do i use on the washing machine ? " " it depends , " she replied . " what does it say on your shirt ? " he yelled back , " university of oklahoma . "
yo daddy so bald he has to have holes in his pocket to finger through his hair .
why is the letter e like london ? because it is the capital of england
what disasters would happen if a waiter dropped a plate of turkey ? the downfall of greece , the overthrow of turkey and the break up of china
what are the blonde ' s first words after 4 years of college ? " would you like fries with that ? "
knock - knock ? who ' s there ? alison . alison who ? alison ( i listen ) to the radio sometimes !
a man is walking down the street . further down the street he notices little johnny . little johnny is sitting in a red wagon , wearing a fireman ' s hat . the wagon is tied to a dog , by its balls . the man says to littlejohnny " little johnny you could go alot further , if you tied the rope around the dogs neck . " little johnny replies " if i did that , i wouldn ' t have a siren "
a son walks into the living room and asks his dad to borrow the car because he has a hot date . the dad says , ' ' sure , as soon as you cut your long hair . ' ' the boy smiles and thinking he has outsmarted his dad replies , ' ' dad , jesus had long hair . . . ' ' and the dad replied , ' ' yeah , and jesus walked everywhere he went too , didn ' ' t he ? ' '
yo ' mama so poor , all she got you for christmas was a video of other kids playin ' with their toys !
what does it mean when a blonde is saying , " yes no yes no yes no yes no yes no ? " she ' s testing if her brunette friend ' s turn signal is working !
a man walks in to an auto store and asks the blonde cashier where the turtle wax is . the blonde says , " i ' m sorry sir , but we don ' t sell pet supplies . "
what ' s the difference between a jailer and a jeweler ? one sells watches , one watches cells !
yo mamma so stupid she threw a clock out the window to see time fly .
why did the blonde keep a picture of herself in her room ? so she could use it as a mirror !
yo mama is so stupid that she put lipstick on her forehead to make up her mind .
q : why did the blonde keep taking off and putting the pepsi bottle cap back on ? a : because it said , ' ' sorry , try again . ' '
yo mama so short , she did a suicide jump off of the curb .
your iq is so low , you have to dig for it !
it was so cold today i saw a lawyer with his hands in his own pockets .
how did the redneck die drinking milk ? the cow sat on him !
opinions are like assholes . everyone has one , and everyone elses ' stinks .
what is the difference between an irish wedding and an irish funeral ? one less drunk .
how do you tell that a blonde has been at a computer ? there is lipstick on the joy stick !
q : why does a blonde nurse carry around a red pen ? a : to draw blood .
yo momma ' s so fat that i ran out of gas trying to drive around her .
how do you get a one - armed blonde out of a tree ? wave !
a man asked god how much a million dollars was to him . god replied , " oh , about one penny . " then the man asked how much an eternity was to him . god replied , " oh , about a second . " then the man asked . " can i have a million dollars and live an eternal life ? " god replied , " sure , just wait a sec . "
one day in summer , jack was going to visit his friend john . when he got to his house , he saw john , who was dressed in his warmest winter coats . " what are you doing ? are you nuts ? it ' s the middle of summer ! " cried jack . " i am painting my house . and on the can , it says you must put two coats on . "
what did the baby lightbulb say to his mother ? i wuv you watts and watts !
yo ' mama ' s teeth are so yellow , her tonsils have to wear sunglasses .
yo mama is so dumb she brought toilet paper to a craps game .
a blonde with two burnt ears went to the doctor , who asked what had happened . " the phone rang , and i accidentally picked up the iron . " " what about the other one ? " " they called back . "
q . what happens when you cross a bulldog with a shih tzu ? a . you get bullshit .
what is a blonde ' s mating call ? next ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yo mama so ugly when she threw a boomerang it never came back !
a little boy is gone to school one day and while he is gone , his cat gets killed . his mother is very concerned about how he will take the news . upon his arrival home , she explains the tragedy and tries to console the boy saying , " but don ' t worry , the cat is in heaven with god now . " to which the boy replied , " what ' s god gonna ' do with a dead cat ? "
a guy ' s on the electric chair . the warden ' s just about to pull the switch , when the guy gets the hiccups . the warden says , " do you have any last requests ? " the guy says , " ( hic ) yeah . . . ( hic ) could you please do ( hic ) could you please do something to scare me ? "
two blondes are walking down the road when one says ' ' look at that dog with one eye ! ' ' the other blonde covers one of her eyes and says ' ' where ? ' '
yo mama ' s so dumb , she drowned during the wave at the football stadium .
as an airplane is about to crash , a female passenger jumps up frantically and announces , " if i ' m going to die , i want to die feeling like a woman . " she removes all her clothing and asks , " is there someone on this plane who is man enough to make me feel like a woman ? " a man stands up , removes his shirt and says , " here , iron this ! " .
how are women and a tornado alike ? they both moan like hell when they come , and take the house when they leave .
ben dover mike hunt phil mccrackin ajock strap anita cock ipe freely seymour buttes
two drunks get thrown out of the bar and are walking down the street when they come across this dog , sitting on the curb , licking his balls . they stand there watching and after a while one of them says , " i sure wish i could do that ! " the other one looks at him and says , " well , i think i ' d pet him first . "
a preacher goes into a bar and says " anybody who wants to go to heaven , stand up . " everybody stands up except for a drunk in the corner . the preacher says " my son , don ' t you want to go to heaven when you die ? " the drunk says " when i die ? sure . i thought you were taking a load up now . "
on her way home from a long trip , a blonde drove past a sign that said " clean restrooms 8 miles " . by the time she drove eight miles , she had cleaned 43 restrooms .
a dentist , after completing work on a patient , came to him begging . dentist : could you help me ? could you give out a few of your loudest , most painful screams ? patient : why ? doctor , it wasn ' t all that bad this time . dentist : there are so many people in the waiting room right now , and i don ' t want to miss the four o ' clock ball game .
a grasshopper walks into a bar . the bartender smiles and says " hey , ya know we have a drink named after you ! " the grasshopper stops and says " really ? you have a drink called steve ? "
borrow money from a pessimist - - - they don ' t expect it back .
a clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory .
where does superman ' s goldfish live ? in the superbowl . . . .
where does batman ' s goldfish live ? in the bat - tub ! ! ahahaha . . .
an irish man walks into a bar . the bartender looks at him and notices he has a steering wheel stuck down the front of his pants . " hey , " he says , " what ' s with the steering wheel down your pants ? " " ach , " says the irish man , " it ' s drivin ' me nuts ! "
a man was driving down an alaskan road and his car broke down . he phoned the alaskan mobile fixit service and they arrived shortly after . he service man opened the bonnet and after a while the repair man said " it looks like you ' ve blown a seal " , the man replies " no , it ' s just frost on my moustache . "
what do you call a fly without wings ? a walk .
two atoms are walking down the street when one atom says to the other , " i think i lost an electron . " the other atom says " are you sure ? " " yeah i ' m positive ! "
what do you call a pretty woman in poland ? a tourist
what is worst tasting , a bag of onions or porkloaf ? porkloaf , why ? because porkloaf spelled backwards is faolkrop which sounds like fowl crap .
your mom ' s so fat , i have to take a bus a train and a cab just to get on her good side .
your mom ' s so fat she can ' t even jump to a conclusion .
your mother ' s so fat , when she goes to a restaurant she looks at the menu and says , " ok " !
a woman was trying hard to get the catsup to come out of the bottle . during her struggle the phone rang so she asked her four - year - old daughter to answer the phone . " it ' s the minister , mommy , " the child said to her mother . then she added , " mommy can ' t come to the phone right now . she ' s hitting the bottle . "
a young bride and groom - to - be had just selected their wedding rings . as the young lady admired the plain platinum and diamond band she had chosen for herself , she suddenly looked concerned . " tell me , " she asked the rather elderly salesman , " is there anything special i ' ll have to do to take care of this ring ? " with a fatherly smile , the salesman said , " one of the best ways to protect a wedding ring is to soak it in dishwater . "
the teacher of the earth science class was lecturing on map reading . he spent the class explaining about latitude , longitude , degrees , and minutes . towards the end of class , the teacher asked his students , " suppose i asked you to meet me for lunch at 23 degrees , 4 minutes north latitude and 45 degrees , 15 minutes east longitude . . . " a student ' s voice broke the confused silence , and volunteered , " i guess you ' d be eating alone , sir . "
two ducks walk into a bar . . . one duck looks at the other and says " guess you didn ' t see it either . "
a test - tube baby has a womb with a view .
if a lawyer can be disbarred can a musician be denoted or a model deposed ?
a group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and were standing in the lobby discussing their recent tournament victories . after an hour , the manager came out of the office and asked them to disperse . " but why ? " they asked , as they moved off . " because , " he said , " i can ' t stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer . "
a guy walks into a bar and orders a drink . after a few more he needs to go to the can . he doesn ' t want anyone to steal his drink , so he puts a sign on it saying , " i spat in this beer , do not drink ! " after a few minutes he returns and there is another sign next to his beer saying , " so did i ! "
your mama so fat that when she goes swimming in the ocean all the whales start singing , " we are familly even though you fatter than me " .
your dad ' s bald spot is so big you could draw an h on it and call it a helicopter landing pad .
what do you call something with 4 eyes , 3 noses , 7 ears , and 2 mouths ? ugly !
a man said his credit card was stolen but he decided not to report it because the thief was spending less than his wife did .
a farmer was milking his cow . he was just starting to get a good rhythm going when a bug flew into the barn and started circling his head . suddenly , the bug flew into the cow ' s ear . the farmer didn ' t think much about it , until the bug squirted out into his bucket . so the farmer says " oh , shoot ! it went in one ear and out the udder " . . .
q : how many roaches does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? ? ? ? a : since when do roaches screw in lightbulbs ?
why did the bubblegum cross the road ? because he was stuck to the chickens leg .
why did president george w . bush go into a gorilla ' s nest in the jungle ? to be with his family !
a sunday school teacher was discussing the ten commandments with her five and six year olds . after explaining the commandment to " honor thy father and thy mother , " she asked " is there a commandment that teaches us how to treat our brothers and sisters ? " without missing a beat one little boy answered , " thou shall not kill . "
a very dirty little fellow came in from playing in the yard and asked his mother , " who am i ? " ready to play the game she said , " i don ' t know ! who are you ? " " wow ! " cried the child . " mrs . johnson was right ! she said i was so dirty , my own mother wouldn ' t recognize me ! "
a man and wife are out shopping one day . the wife turns to her husband and says ; " darling it ' s my mum ' s birthday tomorrow what shall we get her ? perhaps something electric ? " " a chair ? " replies the husband .
what do you tell a woman with two black eyes ? nothing , you already told her twice . . .
joe and ted finished an exam and talked to each other afterwards . " i did terrible , " said joe . " i think i was filling in the wrong bubbles ! " " me too , " replied ted . " well , why did you do terrible ? " asked joe . " i forgot to bring a pencil ! "
joe : i got a problem . ed : what ' s the matter ? joe : women . i just don ' t understand them . ed : do you understand your tv ? joe : no . ed : so what ' s the problem ?
a three - legged dog walks into a saloon in the old west . he sidles up to the bar and announces " i ' m looking for the man who shot my paw . "
i half a spelling checker , it came with my pea sea ; it plainly marks four my revue , mistakes i kin not sea . i ' ve run this poem threw it , i ' m sure your please two no , its letter perfect in it ' s weigh , my checker tolled me sew .
eager to make full use of my new computer ' s capabilities , i asked a customer - service representative at my bank whether it offered on - line banking . " certainly , " she stated matter - of - factly , pointing to a crowd of people near the tellers . " the line starts over there . "
my friend was on duty in the main computer lab on a quiet afternoon he noticed a young woman sitting in front of one of the workstations with her arms crossed across her chest , staring at the screen . after about 15 minutes he noticed that she was still in the same position , only now she was impatiently tapping her foot . finally , he approached her and asked if she needed help . she replied , " it ' s about time ! i pressed the f1 button over twenty minutes ago ! "
knock ! knock ! who ' s there ? harry . harry who ? harry up and let me in !
a policeman pulls over a reckless driver along the road . going up to the driver ' s window , he takes one look and notes , " your eyes are bloodshot . have you been drinking ? " the driver looks up out of those bloodshot eyes and responds , " your eyes are glazed . have you been eating donuts ? "
officer : " and you still insist you ' re innocent , in spite of the fact that we have six witnesses to the crime ? " offender : " if it ' s witnesses you want , i can produce seventy people who didn ' t see me steal the stuff . "
the dean from the university of northern colorado was a victim of a hit and run . he was just getting to his feet when a policeman ran up to help . " my mother - in - law just tried to run me over ! " the shaken dean told the cop . " the car hit you from behind , " the officer said . " how could you tell it was your mother - in - law ? " " i recognized the laugh ! "
a mother was reading a book about animals to her 3 year old daughter : mother : " what does the cow say ? " child : " moooo ! " mother : " great ! what does the cat say ? " child : " meow . " mother : " oh , you ' re so smart ! what does the frog say ? " the wide - eyed little three - year - old looked up at her mother and replied , child : " bud . "
always on the look - out for a bargain , i was dining out and came across a menu entree " t - bone * $ 4 . 25 " . i inquired of the waiter how they could sell a dinner at that price . he advised me to check the bottom of the menu . next to the " * " was " with meat , $ 14 . 95 "
when is it michael jackson ' s bed time ? when the little hand meets the big hand .
what do you call happiness ? seeing your mother - in - law ' s photo on the back of a milk carton !
what ' s the difference between an alchoholic & a drug addict ? the alchoholic drives over the stop sign , while the drug addict waits for it to turn green .
barry calls his boss . " i ' m having problems with my eyes . " " what ' s wrong with them ? " his boss asks . " i just can ' t see myself coming into work today . "
if i wanted to think of a better come back , i ' d dig it out of your @ $ $ !
hear about the blonde that got an am radio ? it took her a month to realize she could play it at night .
what happened to the blonde ice hockey team ? they drowned in spring training .
what did the blonde say when she saw the sign in front of the ymca ? " look ! they have spelt macy ' s wrong ! "
q . what ' s the difference between a paycheck and your dick ? a . you don ' t have to beg a woman to blow your paycheck .
q . what are the small bumps around a woman ' s ' nipples for ? a . they are braille for " suck here " .
q . what ' s the difference between a woman and a coffin ? a . you come in one and go in the other .
q . why do women close their eyes during sex ? a . they can ' t stand seeing a man have a good time .
q . what ' s the difference between your wife and your job ? a . after 5 years your job will still suck .
q . what ' s the best thing about a blow job ? a . ten minutes of silence .
q . how is a woman like a laxative ? a . they both irritate the shit out of you .
q . why do husbands die before their wives ? a . they want to
q . what ' s the difference between a woman with pms and a pitbull ? a . lipstick .
what do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells ? pregnant .
a blonde says to a brunette , ' ' excuse me , but each time i sip my coffee , my eye seems to hurt . ' ' the brunette says , ' ' well maybe you should take the spoon out of the cup . ' '
there once was a very old man , whose verses no one could scan . and when they asked , " why ? " he said , " i don ' t know , i " just put too many words in the last line , i guess . "
there was an old man from purdue whose limericks stopped on line two .
what ' s the difference between a scot and mick jagger ? mick jagger sang " hey , you , get offa my cloud . " the scot says " hey , mccloud , get offa my ewe . "
a blonde walked into a library and said to the librarian , " can i have some fish and chips please ? " the librarian gave her a funny look and said , " i ' m sorry , this is a library . " so the blonde whispers , " can i have some fish and chips please ? "
a man arrives at his laywer ' s funeral and and was very dismayed by the presence of this one person . he turns to the people around him . ' why are you all at this man ' s funeral ? ' a man turns towards him and says , ' we ' re all clients . ' ' and you all came to pay your respects ? how touching . ' ' huh ? no , we came to make sure he was dead . '
yo momma ' s so fat , she plays hopscotch like this : " washington , california . . . "
what is a horse ' s favourite shakepearean play ? rodeo and juliet
yo moma ' s like the bermuda triangle , they both swallow a lot of seamen .
yo moma ' s like a fine restaurant , she only takes deliveries in the rear .
yo momma ' s like a bubble gum machine , 5 cents a blow .
why do they bury lawyers 10 feet below ground instead of the usual 6 ? because deep down , they ' re not so bad !
which is heavier , 20 pounds of rocks or 20 pounds of sugar ? their both 20 pounds ! doy !
better to be pissed off than pissed on .
what time is it when an elephant sits on your fence ? time to get a new fence !
what do you call a pig who knows karate ? a pork - chop !
an old country gentleman and his wife were out driving one day , when a police officer pulled him over . " what seems to be the trouble young man ? " asked the old gentleman . the officer said , " excuse me sir , but didn ' t you notice your wife fell out of the car back there ? " to which the old gentleman exclaimed , " thank you son , i thought i went deaf ! ! ! " .
roses are red , grass is green . you have the shape of a washing machine .
what ' s brown and has holes in it ? swiss shit !
how many blondes does it takes to screw in a lightbulb ? three : one to unscrew it one to buy a new lightbulb one to call her boyfriend to screw it back in .
definition of agony ? one armed man hanging off a cliff with itchy balls
joe : hi jack . how did you like horseback riding ? jack : not that much . the problem was that the horse was too polite . joe : polite ? jack : yep . when we reached the fence he let me go over first .
it has been determined . the most used sexual position for married couples is a doggie position . the husband sits and begs . the wife rolls over and plays dead .
during training exercises , the lieutenant who was driving down a muddy back road encountered another car stuck in the mud with a red - faced colonel at the wheel . " your jeep stuck , sir ? " asked the lieutenant as he pulled alongside . " nope , " replied the colonel , coming over and handing him the keys , " yours is . "
you ' re so dumb , you studied for a blood test !
children in the back of the car cause accidents . accidents in the back of the car cause children
a man walks out of a bar totally hammered , only to be greeted by a snobby woman . she takes one look at him . " you , sir , are drunk ! " " and you ma ' am , are ugly . but when i wake up , i will be sober ! "
the shopkeeper was dismayed when a brand new business much like his own opened up next door and erected a huge sign which read best deals . he was horrified when another competitor opened up on his right , and announced its arrival with an even larger sign , reading lowest prices . the shopkeeper was panicked , until he got an idea . he put the biggest sign of all over his own shop - it read . . . main entrance .
in the supermarket was a man pushing a cart which contained a screaming , bellowing baby . the gentleman kept repeating softly , " don ' t get excited , albert ; don ' t scream , albert ; don ' t yell , albert ; keep calm , albert . " a woman standing next to him said , " you certainly are to be commended for trying to soothe your son , albert . " the man looked at her and said , " lady , i ' m albert . "

q ) how many jugglers does it take to change a lightbulb ? a ) one , but it takes 3 lightbulbs .
q ) where do penguins go to dance ? a ) the snowball
q ) where do eskimo pigs live ? a ) in a pigloo .
q ) why does a traffic light turn red ? a ) you would to if you had to change in front of all those people .
q ) what do you call a polar bear in the jungle ? a ) lost !
q ) a hippo is sitting on your chair . . . . what time is it ? a ) time to get a new chair
q : what do you get when a rooster crosses a duck ? a : a bird that gets up at the quack of dawn !
q . why shouldn ' t you wear snow boots ? a . because they will melt !
q . why would snow white be a good judge ? a . because she ' s the fairest in the land .
q . where do tough chickens come from ? a . hard boiled eggs !
q . why did the house go to the doctor ? a . to get a cure for his window pane !
what did the chef name his son ? stu
how do you fix a broken tomato ? with tomato paste !
what does the lion say to his friends before they go out hunting for food ? " let us prey . "
what did the cat say to the elephant ? " . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . meow ! "
an epileptic young woman named camp was seduced on her couch by a tramp but the first time he squeezed her she had a grand seizure and broke both his balls and a lamp .
a horny old trapper named rex liked the risks of wild porcupine sex . by incredible luck his dick never got stuck , but his nuts were just pitiful wrecks .
you ' re so fat , when you sleep over someone ' s house , you sleep over someone ' s house !
you ' re so dumb , you tried to rip the lips off a chicken !
a blonde decided to commit suicide by hanging herself from a tree in the park . a few days later , a man was walking his dog and spotted her hanging from the tree . he asks the blonde what she is doing and she replies , " i ' m hanging myself . " " you ' re supposed to put the noose around your neck , not your waist , " said the onlooker . " i tried that , " replied the blonde , " but i couldn ' t breathe . "
zebra : 25 sizes bigger than an ' a ' bra
russian roulette , by hugo first
the lazy boy , by yu doit
on clothes : do not iron while wearing . on a baby carriage : do not fold while in use .
" he ' s great on the court , " a sportswriter spoke of a college basketball player in a interview with his coach . " but how ' s his academics ? " " why , he makes straight a ' s , " replied the coach . " wonderful ! " said the sportswriter . " yes , " agreed the coach , " but his b ' s are a just little crooked . "
how many ncaa basketball players does it take to change a light bulb ? only one - but he gets money , a car , and three credit hours for it .
what do soccer players drink ? penaltea !
at the cocktail party , one woman said to another , " aren ' t you wearing your wedding ring on the wrong finger ? " the other replied , " yes i am , i married the wrong man . "
my mother - in - law was bitten by a mad dog in the street . " oh , that ' s terrible " " yes , it was terrible to watch the dog die slowly in convulsions . "
how do you get holy water ? you boil the hell out of it !
locomotive : a crazy reason for a crime !
a father watched his young son practice baseball in the backyard by throwing the ball up and swinging at it . time and time again the bat missed contact . the boy noticed his father watching , and said , " wow , dad ! aren ' t i a great pitcher ? "
bumper sticker : be kind to animals . hug a hockey player .
i found a way to make a horse stand perfectly still . place a bet on him .
q : how many consultants does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : i ' ll have an estimate for you a week from monday .
one day there was a woman who lost her cat named " love . " it was pretty dark outside and she lived in new york . so , thinking that he might be down the street , she put on her house - coat and went looking for him . when a police officer stopped to ask what she was doing , she said very honestly , " i ' m looking for love . " the policeman arrested her on the spot .
what do u call , a hippopotamus that dances ? a hiphopanominus
how do you make a kleenex dance ? put a little boogie in it !
what is the square root of 69 ? ate something ( 8 . . . . )
why does santa have 3 gardens ? so he can ho ho ho .
i used to think you were crazy , but now i can see your nuts
q : how many politicians does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : four , one to change it and the other three to deny it .
q : how many believable , competent , " just right for the job " presidential candidates does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : it ' s going to be a dark 4 years , isn ' t it ?
q : how many art directors does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : does it have to be a lightbulb ?
why do firemen use red suspenders ? to hold their pants up ! ! !
you ' re so dumb , you staple in the middle of the paper !
yo momma is so stupid that she gets lost in a telephone booth .
q : you know what ' s gross ? a : when you look in a mirror !
why didn ' t the chicken cross the road ? because he was attempting to cross it when yo mamma got hungry .
q : what do you call a 500 pound russian that can bend you like a bendy straw ? a : sir
what ' s black and white and played all over ? black and white ( the computer game )
why did the chicken cross the playground ? to get to the other slide !
how many nerds does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? one to be the cunsultant . one to be the labor manager . two to hire people . four to actually screw in the lightbulb . five to be the ladder and ten to be the company board of directors .
police in los angeles had good luck with a robbery suspect who just couldn ' t control himself during a lineup . when detectives asked each man in the lineup to repeat the words , " give me all your money or i ' ll shoot , " the man shouted , " that ' s not what i said ! "
the cop got out of his and walked up to the kid who was stopped for speeding . he rolled down his window . " i ' ve been waiting for you all day , " the cop said . the guy replied , " yeah , well i got here as fast as i could . " when the cop finally stopped laughing , he sent the kid on his way without a ticket .
" don ' t be afraid of the dog , " said the lady to young johnny , who was delivering her groceries . " you know the old proverb , ' a barking dog never bites ? ' " " yes , " replied young johnny . " you know the proverb . i know the proverb . but does your dog know the proverb ? "
acquaintance : a person you know well enough to borrow from , but not well enough to lend to . bachelor : a guy who gets to keep all his take - home pay . pedestrian : a father who has teenagers who can drive . honesty : the fear of being caught . zebra : a horse prisoner .
what do you call a herd of white people ? avalanche what do you call a herd of black people ? mudslide what do you call a herd of mexicans ? jailbreak !
guy1 : thats a bunch of cows . farmer : no , a herd . guy1 : of course i ' ve heard of cows . farmer : . no , i mean the cow herd guy1 : i have no secrets from cows
friends are like condoms , they protect you when things get hard .
while working for an organization that delivers lunches to elderly shut - ins , i used to take my four - year - old daughter on my afternoon rounds . she was unfailingly intrigued by the various appliances of old age , particularly the canes , walkers and wheelchairs . one day i found her staring at a pair of false teeth soaking in a glass . as i braced myself for the inevitable barrage of questions , she merely turned and whispered , " the tooth fairy will never believe this ! "
q . how do you know when you ' re really ugly ? a . your dog humps your leg with his eyes closed
a woman was chatting with her next - door neighbor . " i feel really good today . i started out this morning with an act of unselfish generosity . i gave a five dollar bill to a bum . " " you gave a bum five whole dollars ? that ' s a lot of money to just give away . what did your husband say about it ? " " oh , he thought it was the proper thing to do . he said , ' thanks . ' "
a man , fond of practical jokes , decided late one night to send his friend a collect telegram which read , " i am perfectly well . " a week later , the joker received a heavy parcel - collect - on which he had to pay considerable charges . upon opening it , he found a big block of concrete which had this message , " this is the weight your telegram lifted from my mind . "
hunny , you forgot to put down the toilet seat again . oh my god ! you don ' t know how to fix a car . wife says : how do i look ? man : terrible , go change !
after the fall in garden of eden , adam was walking with his sons cain and abel . they passed by the ruins of the garden of eden . one of the boys asked , " what ' s that ? " adam replied , " boys , that ' s where your mother ate us out of house and home . "
a preacher phoned the city ' s newspaper . " thank you very much , " said he , " for the error you made when you announced my sermon topic for last sunday . the topic i sent you was ' what jesus saw in a publican . ' you printed it as ' what jesus saw in a republican ' i had the biggest crowd of the year ! "
a mother was preparing pancakes for her sons kevin , 5 , and ryan , 3 . the boys began to argue over who would get the first pancake . their mother saw the opportunity for a moral lesson ; " if jesus were sitting here , he would say ' let my brother have the first pancake , i can wait . ' " kevin turned to his younger brother and said , " ryan , you be jesus ! "
at sunday school , they were teaching how god created everything , including human beings . little johnny , a child in the kindergarten class , seemed especially intent when they told him how eve was created out of one of adam ' s ribs . later in the week , his mother noticed him lying as though he were ill , and said , " johnny , what is the matter ? " little johnny responded , " i have a pain in my side . i think i ' m going to have a wife . "
grandchildren are god ' s reward for not killing your children .
if a rabbit were racing cabbage , who would win ? the cabbage , because it ' s a head .
when the surgeon came to see his blonde patient on the day after her operation , she asked him somewhat hesitantly just how long it would be before she could resume her sex life . " uh , i hadn ' t really thought about it , " admitted the stunned surgeon . you ' re the first one ever to ask that after a tonsillectomy .
one day a husband was chiding his beautiful blonde wife about leaving her keys in the ignition of her car . " if i take them out of the car i lose them , " she reasoned . " yes dear , but what if someone steals your car ? " the husband countered . " oh that ' s okay , " the wife chirped happily , " i keep a spare key in the glove box ! "
where should a dressmaker live ? on the outskirts of the city .
why was the broom tired ? it over swept .
the japanese eat little fat and suffer fewer heart attacks than the british or the americans . the french eat a lot of fat and also suffer fewer heart attacks than the british or the americans . the japanese drink very little red wine and suffer fewer heart attacks than the british or the americans . the italians drink excessive amounts of red wine and also suffer fewer heart attacks than the british or the americans . conclusion : eat and drink what you like . speaking english is apparently what gets you .
mahatma gandhi , as you know , walked barefoot most of the time , which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet . he also ate very little , which made him rather frail and with his odd diet , he suffered from bad breath . this made him . . . . what ? a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis .
an angry wife met her husband at the door . she could smell alcohol on his breath and there was lipstick on his collar . " i assume , " she snarled , " that there ' s a reason you ' re waltzing in here at six o ' clock in the morning ? " " there is , " he replied . " breakfast . "
you ' re so dumb , you invented the solar powered flashlight !
a father was at the beach with his children when his four - year - old daughter ran up to him , grabbed his hand , and led him to the shore , where a seagull lay dead in the sand . " daddy , what happened to him ? " the daughter asked . " he died and went to heaven , " the dad replied . the little girl thought a moment and then said , " did god throw him back down ? "
a little boy was attending his first wedding . after the service , his cousin asked him , " how many women can a man marry ? " " sixteen , " the boy responded . his cousin was amazed that he knew the answer so quickly . " how do you know that ? " " easy , " the little boy said . " all you have to do is add it up , like the preacher said : 4 better , 4 worse , 4 richer , 4 poorer . "
lord , grant me the strength that i may not fall into the clutches of cholesterol ; at polyunsaturates , i ' ll never mutter , for the road to hell is paved with butter and cake is cursed and cream is awful and satan is hiding in every waffle . beelzebub is a chocolate drop , and lucifer is a lollipop , teach me the evils of hollandaise of pasta and globs of mayonnaise ; and crisp fried chicken from the south lord , if you love me , shut my mouth .
a little girl and her father decided to go to church , because her father wanted to introduce her to the christian world . as they sat down , a collection plate begins to be passed around . as the plate came to the girl ' s father , he searches his pockets for money . then his daughter whispers in his ear , " don ' t worry daddy , i ' m already free and covered . . . . i ' m under 5 . "
knock knock . who ' s there ? you . you who ? yoo hoo , i ' m right over here !
yo momma so fat , when she hauls ass , she has friends come help !
yo momma so fat , when she walks in front of the t . v . , you miss 5 minutes of your show !
yo momma so fat , when she takes a shower , her feet don ' t get wet !
yo momma so fat , when she goes swimming she gives the pool stretch marks !
yo momma so fat , when she turns around , people throw her a welcome back party !
yo momma so fat , at the zoo , the elephants started throwing her peanuts !
yo momma so fat , she puts on her lipstick with a paint - roller !
yo momma so fat , she puts mayonnaise on aspirin !
yo momma so fat , she pulls up a chair to an all - u - can - eat buffet !
yo momma so fat , she made weight watchers go blind !
yo momma so fat , she looks like she ' s smuggling a volkswagen !
q : what would you do w / out your memories ? a : forget
q : what is the difference between a fish and a piano ? a : you can ' t tuna fish .
q : what did the seismologist say when he messed up ? a : it ' s not my fault .
q . what animal talks the most ? a . the yak .
q : what do you get when you cross an elephant and some peanut butter ? a : either an elephant that sticks to the roof of your mouth , or peanut butter that never forgets .
q : what did judge say when the skunk came in the court ? a : odor in the court .
how do you keep an idiot in suspense ? keep scrolling down ! not far now ! keep going ! solve this problem while you wait for the answer to pop up . 6 ! not enough ? solve this ! ( pi ) ! the answer will pop up shortly . . . whoops , there was a mistake . go back to the 2nd line .
these are supposedly actual signs that have appeared at various locations across the united states and rest of the world . sign on a repair shop door : we can repair anything . ( please knock hard on the door - the bell doesn ' t work ) sign at norfolk farm gate : beware ! i shoot every tenth trespasser and the ninth one has just left seen during a conference : for anyone who has children and doesn ' t know it , there is a day care on the first floor
a motorist was mailed a picture of his car speeding through an automated radar . a $ 40 speeding ticket was included . being cute , he sent the police department a picture of $ 40 . the police responded with another mailed photo - - of handcuffs .
two small boys , not yet old enough to be in school , were overheard talking at the zoo one day . " my name is billy . what ' s yours ? " asked the first boy . " tommy , " replied the second . " my daddy ' s an accountant . what does your daddy do for a living ? " asked billy . tommy replied , " my daddy ' s a lawyer . " " honest ? " asked billy . " no , just the regular kind " , replied tommy .
two white horses fell in the mud and three came out .
you ' re so dumb , you drowned when you were bathed in sunlight .
what did the thermometer say to the graduated cylinder ? " you may have graduated , but i have several degrees . "
i see london , i see france , i see your underpants .
a little boy and his older sister were building paper airplanes when his sister said , " we should stop building planes now and play with the ones we ' ve got . we don ' t need to waste any more paper . " " why ? " " because if we use too much paper we ' ll lose all the trees , and everyone will die . . " " because we don ' t have any paper ? "
why do gorillas have big nostrils ? because they have big fingers ! ! !
what kind of soup weighs 1000 pounds ? won ton soup !
a man drove up to a beautiful lady at a stop light . she was in a nice porsche . he asks her , " excuse me , miss , you have grey poupon ? " " i sure hope not , i just got my car waxed ; damn those birds . "
my computer is like britney spears ; cheap , white , and plastic .
laughter is like changing a baby ' s diaper . . . it doesn ' t permanently solve any problems , but it makes things more acceptable for a while !
it ain ' t easy to be a dick ; i ' ve got a head i can ' t think with , an eye i can ' t see out of . i have to hang around with two nuts all the time . my closest neighbour is a real asshole . my best friend is a pussy . and every time i get excited , i throw up ; and worst of all , my owner beats me .
why did the blonde run out of shampoo ? she kept following the instructions : lather , rinse , repeat !
late one night in the washington d . c . , a mugger wearing a ski mask jumped into the path of a well - dressed man and stuck a gun in his ribs . " give me your money ! " he demanded . indignant , the affluent man replied , " you can ' t do this - i ' m a us congressman ! " " in that case , " replied the robber , " give me my money ! "
in a recent survey , 60 percent of respondents said the cities they live in are noisier now than they were five years ago . the other 40 percent didn ' t hear the question .
knock knock ! who ' s there ? dishwasher . dishwasher who ? dishwasher whay i sphoke vhefore i hafe fawse feeth ( this was the way i spoke before i had false teeth )
ever notice how many of women ' s problems can be traced to the male gender ? menstruation menopause mental breakdown guynecology ( gynecology ) himmorrhoid ( hemorrhoid )
a couple were at the beach watching a volleyball game when they notice a pair of adults nearby kissing passionately , the woman running her hands down the man ' s arms , massaging erotically while nibbling on his ear . the couple was intrigued yet they don ' t want to miss the exciting match so the girl asked her boyfriend if she should watch the match or them . the guy replied , " watch them . you already know how to play volleyball . "
an agitated patron calls on to the blond waiter and inquired why there was a footprint on his meal . " well , " the innocent - looking blond waiter replied . " you rushed in here , ordered an omelette and asked me to step on it . "
a blond was using a pager for the first time . when the operator instructed her to key in " 10 " to leave a voice message , she followed and after the beep , said , " excuse me , may i speak to zeron please ? "
rich and kim , a couple , were in a room when kim asked rich if he would ever forget her . he replied that he would never forget her . then she said , " knock - knock ! " and , of course , rich said , " who ' s there ? " " see ! " she exclaimed sulkily . " you have forgotten already . "
yo momma ' s so old , her memories are in black and white !
two boys were walking home from sunday school after hearing a strong preaching on the devil . one said to the other , " what do you think about all this satan stuff ? " the other boy replied , " well , you know how santa claus turned out . it ' s probably just your dad . "
yo moma ' s like a mail box , open all day and all night .
one day , a man held a contest . the winner would be who could get the most ping pong balls in one day . the first man comes back with 100 . the second man comes back with 110 . the third man comes back with a whole ton of bruises . the men ask him why he didn ' t collect any ping pong balls and why he was bruised . he said , " ping pong balls ? i thought he said king kong ' s balls !
at a jewelry store , a young man bought an expensive locket as a present for his girlfriend . " don ' t you want her name engraved upon it ? " asked the jeweler . the young man thought for a moment , and then , ever the pragmatic , steadfastly replied , " no , just engrave it : to my one and only love . that way , if we break up and she throws it back to me in anger , i can use it again . "
q . how did darth vader know what luke skywalker had for christmas ? a . he felt his presence !
q . how did the blond injure herself raking leaves ? a . she fell out of the tree !
q . what did stevie wonder say about the cheese grater he got for christmas ? a . it was the scariest book he had ever read !
if you were any more pointless , you would be a circle .
if your iq was any lower you would trip on it .
yo momma is so fat when she sits down in class she sits by everyone .
yo momma is so fat when i put her on the family tree the branch broke .
yo momma is so fat her belt size is the equator .
a woman went to a wishing well and wished that she could become a better driver . so she turned into a man .
q : how many lizzie ' s does it take to screw up a light bulb a : i dunno , but it only takes one to screw up a graduation ( from movie lizzie mcguire : she ruins junior high graduation )
did you hear about the blond who tried to hijack a submarine ? she demanded $ 100 , 000 and a parachute .
you know something is wrong with today ' s educational system when you figure out that of the three r ' s , reading , writing , and arithmetic , only one actually starts with an r .
these two poor kids go to a birthday party at a rich kid ' s house . the kid is so rich that he has his own swimming pool , and all the kids go in . as they ' re changing afterwards , one of the poor kids says to the other one , " did you notice how small the rich kid ' s penises were ? " " yeah , " says his mate , " it ' s probably because they ' ve got toys to play with . "
what do michael jackson and plastic bags have in common ? they are both made out of plastic and are dangerous for children to play with .
how many cartoon characters does it take to screw in a light bulb ? nine - three to find a light bulb , three to figure out how to remove the old one , three to screw it in , and all of them to complicate it !
how do you know , your computer hates you ? when it grows and pop ups .
q : how many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose ? now , think about it . . . . . ready ? ? ? are you sure ? ? ? a : 10 little piggies , 2 calves , 1 ass , 1 beaver , an unknown number of hares , and a fish no one can find .
how do you know that you ' re a computer geek ? you catch a computer virus and take a virus scanning pill every week .
what exactly does the government do ? they seem to complicate all the simple things while trying to do the opposite .
once upon a time , there was an elderly couple . next door , there lived a peeping tom . one day , the couple received a phone call . the woman said , " fred ! peeping tom tells us to shut the blinds or he ' ll call the police ! "
one day my wife was changing my daughter ' s diaper , and my 3 year old son walked in and saw her and asked , " mommy , where is her thingy ? " i almost had a heart attack , laughing so hard that day .
how many worms does it take to screw in a light bulb ? what kind of an idiot thinks worms can screw in light bulbs ? !
you know that you ' re a really boring person when someone steals your identity and then tries to give it back .
said the pig to his pop , " there ' s the candy shop . oh , please let ' s go inside . " " and i promise i won ' t make a kid of myself if you give me a people - back ride . "
the idiots we have today . they ' re so stupid they make turkeys seem smart . they even make sponges seem smarter .
a drunk walked into a bar and , after staring for sometime at the only woman seated at the bar , walked over to her and kissed her . she jumped up and slapped him silly . he immediately apologized and explained , " i ' m sorry . i thought you were my wife . you look exactly like her . " " why you worthless , insufferable , wretched , no good drunk ! " she screamed . " funny , " he muttered , " you even sound exactly like her . "
a blonde buys a box of laundry detergent , and it says on the box , " 20 uses " . a day later , the blonde calls the laundry detergent company and says , " i bought your product and the box says ' 20 uses ' , but all it does is my laundry ! "
a tourist to new york city , bob , was marveling at the poe opera house . as a man passed by bob asked " was this building named for the great author and poet edgar allen poe ? " " no , " replied the man , " the building was named for james poe . " " what did he write ? " asked bob . said the man , " a check . "
fill in the blank to this odd analogy . quiz is to quizzical as test is to _ _ _ _ _ _ _
yo momma ' s so fat , she shows up on radar .
1 . your richest relative buys an " expensive " house and you have to help take the wheels off of it . 2 . you refer to the sixth grade as graduation . 3 . your wife ' s new hairdo gets destroyed by the ceiling fan . 4 . your front porch collapses and hurts more than three dogs .
from an interview with a millionaire : " what is your secret to making money ? " " quite simple . before entering business i observed that most of the sales profits are generally lost in the handling of complaints and refunds . so i made my decision to try to eliminate these expenses . " " i can say that ' s quite a big task ! " " not for me . i simply started selling parachutes . "
q : what ' s the similarity between tyrannosaurus and blondes with an iq greater then 200 . a : both are extinct .
once a blond police officer stopped a man and asked for his driving license . she saw it and told the man " it says here that you must wear glasses " the man said " i have contacts " the blond said " i don ' t care who you know , you are still getting a traffic ticket "
did you know that nobody can lick their elbow ? * 75% of the people that read this try it *
little johnny kept spelling the word " went " wrong , instead he spelt " whent " . his teacher , who was very fusterated , decided to keep him after class to spell " went " 100 times . the next day she comes into the classroom , thinking he learned his lesson , and sees the whole board is full of the word " went " . but at the end . . . " i wrote " went " 50 times , then i ran out of space , so i whent home "
a blond and a brunette were opening their paychecks when the blond asked the brunette what she was going to buy . the brunette replied , " i think i ' ll buy a new set of plates because mine are chipped . what are you going to buy ? " the blond said , " i think i ' m gonna buy a new butt , because my old one has an enormous crack in it . "
a chinese couple got married and were now known as mr . wong and mrs . wong . however , they didn ' t know why , but they couldn ' t have white children . so they went to the doctor to find out what the problem was , and they told him the story and the doctor replied , " didn ' t you know ? " " two wongs don ' t make a white ! "
how many scientists does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? ? ? none , they will just have there robot do it .
one day bob ( a boy ) went to sally ( a beautiful girl ) . bob told her , " sal , jack ( a boy ) wants you . " she replied , " i know . " they stand in silence for a while . bob finally said , " i mean he needs your help . " " oh . "
girls are in the shower for at least an hour . incredibly guys can take a shower in 5 minutes . very beautiful girls are seldom intelligent . even blond guys have some brains . married women marry hoping their guy will change . every man marries hoping their wife wont change . pretty girls can usually get what they want . unlike good looking guys who still have to suffer . some girls are actually great relationship material . some guys cant find those girls .
remember , whenever someone says that you ' re nobody , remember nobody ' s perfect .
what did the mother match say to the baby match ? don ' t scratch your head .
what do you say to a person who says that they are going to tell on you ? you say : too late , i already told .
one day a cat comes walking by meowing , " i can ' t do anything right . " so he keeps on pouting and somebody comes up to him and says , " why are you crying ? " " because i can ' t do anything right . " so the guy helps the cat and a day later the cat could do anything right so he goes to the litter box and misses the box by an inch .
why did the teenager cross the road ? because his parents told him not to .
q : what is a man ' s idea of helping you with the housework ? a : lifting up his legs so you can vacuum underneath them .
a man walks into a pet store and asks for a german shepperd . the shopkeeper , replies that it will cost him $ 500 . the man thinks for a minute , then asks how much a beware of dog sign costs . the shopkeeper calmly replies that it costs a whopping $ 1 . 98 . the man thinks for a while longer , and asks for a beware of dog sign .
what does the government have but never uses to make life simple ? their power !
yo momma so fat that every time she turned around it was her birthday .
you are so ugly your mum has to feed you with a slingshot
which came first - the chicken or the egg ? it depends on who got laid first !
an elevator operator complained that he was getting tired of people asking him for the time . a friend suggested that he hang a clock in his elevator . a few weeks later , the friend inquired as to how things were going . " just awful ! " declared the elevator operator . " now , all day long , people ask me , " is the clock right ? " exclaimed the elevator operator .
there was a young hooker named gail whose price was tattooed on her tail . and on her behind , for the sake of the blind , was the same information in braille .
how many ears did davy crockett have ? 3 - his right ear , his left ear , and his wild front - ear .
you ' ve all heard of tgif - thank god it ' s friday , right ? well my secretary refers to friday as poets day . . . piss off early , tomorrow ' s saturday . . . . ! ! !
gary : i don ' t think i deserve a zero on this test . teacher : i agree , but it ' s the lowest mark i can give you .
hygiene teacher : how can you prevent diseases caused by biting insects ? jose : don ' t bite any .
first guy ( proudly ) : " my wife ' s an angel ! " second guy : " you ' re lucky , mine ' s still alive . "
teacher : alfred , how can one person make so many mistakes in one day ? alfred : i get up early .
do you know the punishment for bigamy ? two mothers - in - law .
two elderly women were eating at a restaurant one morning . ethel noticed something funny about mabel ' s ear and she said , " mabel , did you know you ' ve got a suppository in your left ear ? " mabel answered , " i have ? a suppository ? " she pulled it out and stared at it . then she said , " ethel , i ' m glad you saw this thing . now i think i know where my hearing aid is . "
while making rounds , a doctor points out an x - ray to a group of first year medical students . " as you can see , " she says , " the patient limps because his left fibula and tibia are radically arched . michael , what would you do in a case like this ? " " well , " ponders the student , " i suppose i ' d limp too . "
teacher : willy , name one important thing we have today that we didn ' t have ten years ago . willy : me
little johnny ' s kindergarten class was on a field trip to their local police station where they saw pictures , tacked to a bulletin board , of the 10 most wanted men . one of the youngsters pointed to a picture and asked if it really was the photo of a wanted person . " yes , " said the policeman . " the detectives want him very badly . " so little johnny asked , " then why didn ' t you keep him when you took his picture ? "
a blonde girl was at school staring at a puzzle on her desk that she could not figure out . the teacher comes by and tells her , " you can solve it ! just use your head ! " the teacher comes back to check on the blonde and she saw her head all bruised up . the teacher said , " what happened ? ! " then the blonde says , " well , you told me to use my head . "
next time you start to groan at friend ' s pun , ask yourself : am i just being jealous ? : " a pun is the lowest form of humor - - when you don ' t think of it first . " - - oscar levant " hanging is too good for a man who makes puns ; he should be drawn and quoted . " - - fred allen " a person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents . " - - g . c . lichtenberg
just think , if it weren ' t for marriage , men would go through life thinking they had no faults at all .
police in radnor , pennsylvania , interrogated a suspect by placing a metal colander on his head and connecting it with wires to a photocopy machine . the message " he ' s lying " was placed in the copier , and the police pressed the copy button each time they thought the suspect wasn ' t telling the truth . believing the " lie detector " was working , the suspect confessed .
a man inserted an ' ad ' in the classified : " wife wanted " . next day he received a hundred letters . they all said the same thing : " you can have mine . "
patient : " doctor , you gotta help me . i ' m under a lot of stress . i keep losing my temper with people . " doctor : " tell me about your problem . " patient : " i just did , you moron ! "
in pharmacology , all drugs have generic names : tylenol is acetaminophen , advil is ibuprofen , & so on . the fda has been looking for a generic name for viagra and announced today that they have settled on mycoxafailin . also considered were mycoxafloppin , mydixadrupin and mydixarizin .
if the entire world was a stage and god was the director , what we need is a rehearsal .
a woman awoke excitedly on valentine ' s day and announced enthusiastically to her husband , " i just dreamt that you gave me a pearl necklace for valentine ' s day ! what do you think it means ? " with certainty in his voice , the man said , " you ' ll know tonight . " that evening , the man came home with a small package and handed it to his wife . with anxious anticipation the woman quickly opened the package to find a book entitled , " the meaning of dreams . "
why are married women heavier than single women ? single women come home , see what ' s in the fridge and go to bed . married women come home , see what ' s in bed and go to the fridge .
billy asked his mother , " can i go over to little johnny ' s house and watch the magic show ? " billy ' s mother replied , " whatever do you mean , dear ? " he answered , " the one johnny ' s mom performs . i heard her tell miss figpot that she got $ 600 for doing six tricks last night . that must be some kind of show ! "
bounty - the quicker picker - upper chevy truck - like a rock energizer - it keepsa going and going kfc - finger lickin ' good mcdonals - we love to see you smile m & m ' s - it melts in your mouth , not in your hands nike - just do it pringles - once you pop , you can ' t stop
little johnny was giving confession , and he told the priest that he was having impure thoughts about his sister . " is this a sin , father ? " he asked . the priest nodded and said , " yes , little johnny , indeed , it is a sin . look at the two beautiful brothers you have . "
did you hear that hollywood is going to remake the exorcist ? the new movie is about a mother who hires the devil to get a priest out of her son .
" when i see a monk ' s ass i just grab it . " said the lazily amorous abbot . " although it ' s more fun , to have sex with a nun , it ' s so hard to get into the habit ! "
during the church service one sunday , a parishioner was speaking about an emotionally charged topic and had trouble controlling her tears . finishing her remarks , she told the congregation , " i apologize for crying so much . i ' m usually not such a big boob . " the bishop rose to close the session and remarked , " that ' s okay . we like big boobs . "
q : what is black and white and green and black and white ? a : two nuns fighting over a sweaty pickle . q : what is black and white and grinds up and down , up and down ? a : a nun churning butter .
q : what is black and white and gooey and creamy ? a : a nun eating a bowl of tapioca pudding . q : what is black and white and makes a wet , sucking sound ? a : a toothless , elderly nun eating a communion wafer .
if two black cats walk by each other , then do they both get bad luck ? does the more disgusting foods mean that they are healthier ? when you get your first pair of scissors you need a pair of scissors to open the pair of scissors that you just got . so how are you going to get it open ?
this guy goes into a restaurant for a christmas breakfast while in his home town for the holidays . after looking over the menu he says , " i ' ll just have the eggs benedict . " his order comes a while later and it ' s served on a big , shiny hubcap . he asks the waiter , " what ' s with the hubcap ? " the waiter sings , " oh , there ' s no plate like chrome for the hollandaise ! "
a hungry lion was roaming through the jungle looking for something to eat . he came across two men . one was sitting under a tree reading a book ; the other was typing away on his typewriter . the lion quickly pounced on the man reading the book and devoured him . even the king of the jungle knows that readers digest , and writers cramp .
why can ' t blondes put in lightbubs ? because they keep breaking them with hammers .
why don ' t women blink during foreplay ? they don ' t have time .
what do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night ? a widow .
murphy was staggering home with a pint of booze in his back pocket when he slipped and fell heavily . struggling to his feet , he felt something wet running down his leg . " please lord , " he implored , " let it be blood ! "
if love is blind is then why is lingerie so popular ?
what do you call 100 lawyers jumping out of an airplane ? skeet
mcquillan walked into a bar and ordered martini after martini , each time removing the olive and placing it in a jar . when the jar was filled with olives and all the drinks consumed , the irishman started to leave . " s ' cuse me , " said a customer , who was puzzled over what mcquillan had done , " what was that all about ? " " nothin ' , " said the irishman . " my wife just sent me out for a jar of olives ! "
an irish priest is driving down to new york and gets stopped for speeding in connecticut . the state trooper smells alcohol on the priest ' s breath and then sees an empty wine bottle on the floor of the car . he says , " sir , have you been drinking ? " " just water , " says the priest . the trooper says , " then why do i smell wine ? " the priest looks at the bottle and says , " good lord ! he ' s done it again ! "
when a teenage girl smiles at a boy , he tries to decide what makes him so sexy . when a young lady smiles at a man in his fifties , he turns around to see who ' s the handsome dude behind him . but when a female of any age smiles at a man of 80 , he looks down to see if he ' s unzipped
a father knelt with his son to hear his prayers . the three - year - old boy began in all seriousness : " our father who art in heaven , how do you know my name ? "
and another four - year - old prayed : " and forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets . "
pilot : " pilot to tower . i am 300 miles from land . 600 feet over water and running out of fuel . please instruct ! " tower : " tower to pilot . tower to pilot . repeat after me , ' our father , who art in heaven . . . ' "
a little girl asked her father , " daddy ? do all fairy tales begin with ' once upon a time ' ? " he replied , " no , there is a whole series of fairy tales that begin with ' if elected , i promise ' . "
what ' s the difference between a northern fairy tale and a southern fairy tale ? a northern fairy tale begins with , " once upon a time . . . " a southern fairy tale begins , " ' y ' all ain ' t gonna believe this . . . "
how are men and parking spots alike ? good ones are always taken . free ones are mostly handicapped or extremely short .
two blondes are waiting at a bus stop . when a bus pulls up and opens the door , one of the blondes leans inside and asks the bus driver : " will this bus take me to 5th avenue ? " the bus driver shakes his head and says , " no , i ' m sorry . " hearing this , the other blonde leans inside , smiles , and twitters : " will it take me ? "
the following sign was posted at a fast food restaurant owned by two blondes : " parking for drive - through customers only ! "
the zoology teacher asked a small boy to make a sentence using the word " possum . " he answered , " maw got horny and gave possum . "
remember , old folks are worth a fortune ; they have silver in their hair , gold in their teeth , stones in their kidneys , lead in their feet , and gas in their stomachs . you ' re getting old when you don ' t care where your wife goes , just so long as you don ' t have to go along too . you ' re getting old when you wake up with that morning - after feeling , and you didn ' t do anything the night before .
yesterday , i heard from a drug rep for glaxo who told me that they are on the verge of launching a new herbal remedy that they think will take the market by storm . this drug sounds so promising that i want to suggest to my friends that they consider buying stock in the company . the drug is called gingko viagra , and its function is to help you remember what the fuck you are doing .
there once was a man from hybernia , who rhymed himself into a hernia . he became adept at this practice except for occasional anti - climaxes .
what is a plant ' s favorite school year ? kindergarden ! ! !
what did the lunch lady say to the boiled egg ? you ' re in hot water now ! ! !
teacher : " why does an elephant have a trunk ? " student : " because it doesn ' t have a glove compartment ! "
a woman sends her clothing out to the chinese laundry . when it comes back , there are still stains in her panties . the next week she encloses a note to the chinese laundryman that says , " use more soap on panties . " this goes on for several weeks , the woman sending the same note to the laundry . " use more soap on panties . " finally , fed up , the chinese man responded with his own note that said , " use more paper on ass . "
a young man hired by a supermarket reported for his first day of work . the manager greeted him with a warm handshake and a smile , gave him a broom and said , " your first job will be to sweep the entire store . " " but i ' m a college graduate , " the young man replied indignantly . " oh , i ' m sorry . i didn ' t know that , " said the manager . " here , give me the broom . let me show you how . "
so there ' s this wizard who worked in a factory . everything was satisfactory except that certain miscreants , taking advantage of his good nature , would steal his parking spot . this continued until he put up the following sign : " this parking space belongs to the wizard . . . . violators will be toad . "
a local church built a new sanctuary . they moved their very fine old pipe organ from to the new sanctuary . it was an intricate task that was completed successfully . the local news heralded , . . . " st . paul completes organ transplant . "
tom , the fisherman , wrote the following to a mail order catalogue , " please send me one of those gasoline engines for my boat you show on page 438 , and if it ' s any good , i ' ll send you a check . " a few days later , tom received the following reply , " please send check . if it ' s any good , we ' ll send the engine . "
viagra now available in liquid form . fda officials today announced the release of the wonder drug viagra in a new , easy - to - take liquid form . it is sold under the name " mydixadrill . " now when men come home from work in the evening , they can pour themselves a stiff one .
stalking into a police station late one night , a man demands to speak to the burglar who broke into his house . " sorry , that ' s against the law , " says the desk sergeant . " you don ' t get it , " says the man . " i need to know how he got in without waking my wife . "
# 1 rule of a redneck - if duck tape don ' t fix it ( doubt it ) , mount it on the wall instead .
a guy walks into a bar wearing a pair of jumper cables around his neck . the bartender looks at him and says , " hey buddy , don ' t try to start anything . . . "
a woman was missing her boyfriend , so she decided to write him the following brief letter : dear anthony , i ' ve been unable to sleep since i broke off our engagement . won ' t you forgive and forget ? your absence is breaking my heart . i was a fool . . . nobody can take your place . i love you . all my love , kathy xoxo p . s . congratulations on winning this week ' s lottery . . .
the only reason i would take up jogging is so that i could hear heavy breathing again .
bernie was invited to his friend ' s home for dinner . morris , the host , called his wife by many endearing terms , calling her honey , my love , darling , sweetheart , pumpkin , etc . bernie looked at morris and remarked , " that is really nice . after all these years , you still call your wife those pet names . " morris hung his head and whispered , " to tell the truth , i forgot her name years ago . "
did you hear about the football game with the 0 - 0 score ? never mind , it ' s pointless .
henry goes to confession and says , " bless me father , for i have sinned . last night i was with seven different women . " the priest says , " take seven lemons , squeeze them into a glass and drink the juice without pausing . " " will that cleanse me of my sins , father ? " " no , " replies the priest . " but it ' ll wipe that silly grin off your face . "
this man walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder and the bar tender asks him , " what ' s your newt ' s name ? " and the man replies , " tiny " and the bar tender says , " why is he called tiny ? " and the man replies , " because he is minute . " ( minute means small )
yo momma so fat that when she sits around the house , she dosen ' t just sit around the house , she sits around the whole neighborhood .
" knock - knock " " who ' s there ? " " boo " " boo who ? " " why are you crying ? "
there were three babys - a blond , a redhead , and a brunet . they were fighting over who ' s mommy had the best bra . the first baby says " my mom has a foam bra . " the second says " my mom has gel straps . " the blond baby says " well , the tag on my moms bra says double d . " the blond won the fight .
after putting her children to bed , a mother changed into old slacks and a droopy blouse and proceeded to wash her hair . as she heard the children getting more and more rambunctious , her patience grew thin . at last she threw a towel around her head & stormed into their room , putting them back to bed with stern warnings . as she left the room , she heard her three - year - old say with a trembling voice , " who was that ? "
the female skier picabo street ( pronounced peek - a - boo ) . . . the famous olympic skier picabo street is not just an athlete , she is a nurse . she currently works at the intensive care unit of a large metropolitan hospital . she is not permitted to answer the telephone , however , as it caused simply too much confusion when she would answer the phone and say , " picabo , icu " .
the supreme court has ruled that there cannot be a nativity scene in washington , d . c . this christmas . this isn ' t for any religious constitutional reason . they simply have not been able to find three wise men and a virgin in the nation ' s capitol . there was , however , no problem finding enough asses to fill the stable .
a blonde was playing trivial pursuit one night . it was her turn . she rolled the dice and she landed on " science & nature . " her question was , " if you are in a vacuum and someone calls your name , can you hear it ? " she thought for a time and then asked , " is it on or off ? "
what ' s the best form of birth control after 50 ? nudity .
what ' s the difference between a girlfriend and a wife ? 45 lbs .
what ' s the difference between a boyfriend and a husband ? 45 minutes .
what ' s the difference between a new husband and a new dog ? after a year , the dog is still excited to see you .
what makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying ? the same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving .
why does the bride always wear white ? because it ' s good for the dishwasher to match the stove and refrigerator .
why don ' t bunnies make noise when they have sex ? because they have cotton balls .
what ' s the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts ? beer nuts are $ 1 , and deer nuts are always under a buck .
during their silver anniversary , a wife reminded her husband : " do you remember when you proposed to me , i was so overwhelmed that i didn ' t talk for an hour ? " the hubby replied : " yes , honey , that was the happiest hour of my life . "
your so ugly you remind me of an elephants bottom .
what ' s the difference between a toad and a horny toad ? one says " ribbit ribbit " and the other says " rubbit rubbit " .
a kindergarden teacher had a pupil tell her he had found a frog . she inquired as to whether it was dead or alive . " dead , " she was informed . " how do you know ? " she asked . " because i pissed in his ear , " said the child innocently . " you did what ? " squealed the teacher in surprise . " you know , " explained the boy , " i leaned over and went ' pssst ' . he didn ' t move ! "
a father was reading bible stories to his young son . he read , " the man named lot was warned to take his wife and flee out of the city , but his wife looked back and was turned to salt . " his son asked , " what happened to the flea ? "
a musician who joined an orchestra on a cruise ship was having difficulty keeping time with the rest of the band . finally , the captain said , " either you learn to keep time or i ' ll throw you overboard . . . . it ' s up to you , sync or swim . "
little johnny went up to his father and asked , " dad , where did all of my intelligence come from ? " johnny ' s father replied , " well , son , you must have gotten it from your mother , ' cause i still have mine . "
a cannibal took his young son for a walk in the jungle . they came across a beautiful , naked girl lying asleep on the ground . the boy got excited and said , " let ' s eat her now , dad ! " but the father said , " no , i have a better idea . let ' s bring her home and eat your mother . "
a man went to the doctor complaining of insomnia . the doctor gave him a thorough examination , found absolutely nothing physically wrong with him , and then told him , " listen , if you ever expect to cure your insomnia , you just have to stop taking your trouble to bed with you . " " i know , " said the man , " but i can ' t . my wife refuses to sleep alone . . . "
the morning after their honeymoon night , the wife says to her husband , " you know , you ' re really a lousy lover ! " the husband replies , " how would you know after only 30 seconds ? "
a guy got on a bus one day and sat in the aisle seat beside an elderly lady . a few minutes later , he couldn ' t control himself and had to let loose a big noisy fart . embarrassed , he tried to make conversation with the lady and asked her " do you by any chance have today ' s paper ? " the lady looked at him and said " no , but the next time we pass by a tree , i ' ll grab you a handful of leaves . "
a husband and wife were at a party chatting with some friends when the subject of marriage counseling came up . " oh , we ' ll never need that . my husband and i have a great relationship , " the wife explained . " he was a communications major in college and i majored in theater arts . " " he communicates real well and i just act like i ' m listening . "
at a wedding rehearsal , the pastor told the father of the bride , " as you give your daughter ' s hand to the bridegroom , you should say something nice to him . " the father , a department store manager , took the advice . during the wedding ceremony , he placed his daughter ' s hand on his son - in - law ' s arm and said , " no deposit , no return . "
three guys are about to be executed and they are asked what they wish to have for their last meal . the italian responds , pepperoni pizza , which he is served and then executed . the frenchmen requests a fillet mignon , which he is served and then executed . the newf requests a plate of strawberries . " strawberries ? ? ? ? " " yes , strawberries . " he is told , " but they are out of season ! " " so , i ' ll wait . "
there once was this kid named oddy , he always missed the potty , he went some poops , and shouted out oops , because oddy missed the potty
what did the number 0 say to the number 8 ? " hey , nice belt ! "
the perfect breakfast : you ' re sitting at the table and : your son is on the cover of the box of wheaties . . . . your mistress is on the cover of playboy . . . and your wife is on the back of the milk carton . . .
murphy , a dishonest lawyer , bribed one of his client ' s jurors to hold out for a charge of manslaughter , fearing the murder charge being brought by the state . the jury was out for days before returning with the verdict : manslaughter ! later , as murphy paid off the corrupt juror , he asked him if he had a hard time convincing the other jurors to see things his way . " boy , did i ! " said the juror . " they kept voting to acquit !
first , you get a little hoarse . then , you get a little buggy .
adam and eve had an ideal marriage . he didn ' t have to hear about all the men she could have married , and she didn ' t have to hear about the way his mother cooked .
an elderly woman died last month . having never married , she requested no male pallbearers . in her handwritten instructions for her memorial service , she wrote , " they wouldn ' t take me out while i was alive , i don ' t want them to take me out when i ' m dead .
a beautiful woman walked into an orchard and found a lovely pool in it . she decided to go skinny - dipping . she looked around , didn ' t see anyone , and undressed . just as she was about to dive in , the orchard owner appeared from behind the bush where he was hiding all along and told her that swimming was prohibited . " you could have told me that before i undressed ! " she scolded him . he replied , " swimming is prohibited , undressing isn ' t . "
delivering his speech at the opening banquet of a national convention , the visiting minister told several anecdotes he expected to repeat at meetings the next day . because he wanted to use the jokes again , he requested that the reporters omit them from any accounts they might turn in to their newspapers . a cub reporter , in commenting on the speech , ended his piece with the following : " the minister told a number of stories that cannot be printed here . "
two women were paired together as partners in a club tournament and met on the putting green for the first time . after introductions , the first golfer asked the second , " what ' s your handicap ? " " oh , i ' m a scratch golfer , " the other replied . " really ! " exclaimed the first woman , suitably impressed that she was paired up with such a strong player . " yes , i write down all my good scores and scratch out the bad ones !
two vultures board an airplane , each carrying two dead raccoons . the stewardess looks at them and says , " i ' m sorry , gentlemen , only one carrion allowed per passenger . "
hickory , dickory dock three mice ran up the clock the clock struck one . . . the rest got away with minor injuries
a rookie pitcher was struggling at the mound , so the catcher walked up to have a talk with him . " i ' ve figured out your problem , " he told the young southpaw . " you always lose control at the same point in every game . " " when is that ? " " right after the national anthem . "
love marriage : acceptance test possible you can try before you buy . arranged marriage : product is sold on an as is where is basis . product once sold will not be taken back ! arranged marriage is like unix . . boring n colorless . . . still extremely reliable n robust . love marriage is like windows , beautiful n seductive . . . . . . . . yet one never knows when it will crash . . . . . . . .
a passenger jet was suffering through a severe thunderstorm . as the passengers were being bounced around by the turbulence , a young woman turned to a minister sitting next to her and with a nervous laugh asked , " reverend , you ' re a man of god , can ' t you do something about this storm ? " to which he replied , " lady , i ' m in sales , not management . "
see if you can do this : read each line aloud this is this cat this is is cat this is how cat this is to cat this is keep cat this is a cat this is dumbass cat this is busy cat this is for cat this is forty cat this is seconds cat now go back and read the third word in each line from the top .

a little boy asked his mother : mummy , why are you white and i am black ? don ' t even ask me that , when i remember that party . . . , you are lucky that you don ' t bark .
" dad , " said little johnny , " i ' m late for football practice . would you please do my homework for me ? " little johnny ' s father said irately , " son , it just wouldn ' t be right . " " that ' s okay , " replied little johnny " you could at least give it a try , couldn ' t you ? "
mary was having a tough day and had stretched herself out on the couch to do a bit of what she thought to be well - deserved complaining and self - pitying . she moaned to her mom and brother , " nobody loves me . . . the whole world hates me ! " her brother , busily occupied playing a game , hardly looked up at her and passed on this encouraging word : " that ' s not true , mary . some people don ' t even know you . "
want to hear a clean joke ? bob took a bath with bubbles . want to hear a dirty joke ? bubbles is bobs neighbor .
q : what do you get when you cross the atlantic ocean with the titanic ? a : halfway .
i cannot see , i cannot pee ; i cannot chew , i cannot screw ; oh , my god , what can i do ? my memory shrinks , my hearing stinks , no sense of smell - i look like hell my mood is bad - can you tell ? my body ' s drooping , have trouble pooping ; the golden years have come at last - the golden years can kiss my ass
a customer sent an order to a distributor for a large amount of goods totaling a great deal of money . the distributor noticed that the previous bill hadn ' t been paid . the collections manager left a voice - mail for them saying , " we can ' t ship your new order until you pay for the last one . " the next day the collections manager received a collect phone call , " please cancel the order . we can ' t wait that long . "
the minister was passing a group of young teens sitting on the church lawn and stopped to ask what they were doing . " nothing much , pastor , " replied one boy . " we were just seeing who can tell the biggest lie about their sex life . " " boys , boys , boys ! " he scolded . " i ' m shocked . when i was your age , i never even thought about sex . " in unison they all replied , " you win ! "
on wall in ladies room : " my husband follows me everywhere . " written just below it : " i do not . "
in a recent fda study , the united states government doctors who were conducting studies on test drugs administered weekly doses of viagra to an equal number of doctors and lawyers . while the majority of the doctors achieved enhanced sexual prowess , the lawyers simply grew taller . the researchers are at a loss to explain the phenomenon .
harry walks into his supervisor ' s office . " boss , " he says , " we ' re doing some heavy house - cleaning at home tomorrow , and my wife needs me to help with the attic and the garage , moving and hauling stuff . " " we ' re short - handed , harry , " the boss replies . " i can ' t give you the day off . " " thanks , boss , " says harry , " i knew i could count on you ! "
snow white received a camera as a gift . she happily took many pictures of the dwarves and their surroundings . when she finished her first batch , she took the film to be developed . after a week or so , she went to get the finished photos . the clerk said the photos were not back from the processor . snow white was so disappointed that she started to cry . the clerk , trying to console her , said kindly , " don ' t worry , someday your prints will come . "
a man was seen walking through downtown with a desk strapped to his back , a typewriter under one arm , and a wastebasket under the other . he was stopped by a policeman , asked what he was doing , and arrested when he replied , . . . " impersonating an office , sir ! "
q . why don ' t witches like to ride their brooms when they ' re angry ? a . they ' re afraid of flying off the handle !
when white man found this land , indians were running it . no taxes . . . no debt . . . plenty buffalo . . . plenty beaver ! women did most ( all ) of the work . medicine man free ! indian men hunted and fished all the time ! only white man dumb enough to think he could improve system like that
how can you tell when a lawyer is lying ? his lips are moving .
if a lawyer and an irs agent were both drowning , and you could only save one of them , would you go to lunch or read the paper ?
blonde woman goes to the post office to buy stamps for her christmas cards . she says to the clerk , " may i have 50 christmas stamps ? " the clerk says , " what denomination ? " the woman says , " god help us . has it come to this ? give me 6 catholic , 12 presbyterian , 10 lutheran and 22 baptists .
there were two blondes who went deep into the woods searching for a christmas tree . after hours of subzero temperatures and a few close calls with hungry wolves , one blonde turned to the other and said , " i ' m chopping down the next tree i see . i don ' t care whether it ' s decorated or not ! "
the long term implications of drug research and medical procedures must be fully considered . because over the past few years , more money has been spent on breast implants and viagra than is spent on alzheimer ' s disease research . medical researchers believe that by the year 2030 there will be a significant number of people wandering around with huge breasts and erections who can ' t remember what to do with them .
if however you do need to take viagra , remember to swallow them quickly otherwise you ' ll get a stiff neck . a shipment of viagra was highjacked today . police have put out an all - points bulletin : be on the lookout for two hardened criminals ! they will face a stiff sentence when convicted and they ' ll surely be sent to a penal institution .
knock - knock why are you knocking ? i ' ve got a doorbell
one night a man knocked at the doctor ' s door . when the door opened - doctor : what is the matter ? the man : doctor , a dog bit my leg . doctor : don ' t you know that i don ' t see patients after 9 pm ? the man : i know that very well . perhaps the dog was not aware of it .
a harvard english 101 class was asked to write a concise essay containing four elements : religion , royalty , sex and mystery . the only " a + " in the class read : " my god , " said the queen , " i ' m pregnant . i wonder who did it ? "
there is a new study out about women and how they feel about their ass . i thought the results were pretty interesting : 85% of women think their ass is too big . . . 10% of women think their ass is too little . . . the other 5% say that they don ' t care - - they love him and would have married him anyway .
" cash , check or charge ? " i asked after folding items the woman wished to purchase . as she fumbled for her wallet i notice a remote control for a television set in her purse . " do you always carry your tv remote ? " i asked . " no , " she replied . " but my husband refused to come shopping with me , so i figured this was the worst thing i could do to him . "
jack and jill went up the hill to have a little fun . stupid jill forgot the pill and now they have a son .
mary had a little lamb her father shot it dead now it goes to school with her between two hunks of bread .
humpty dumpty sat on a wall humpty dumpty had a great fall all the king ' s horses and all the king ' s men had scrambled eggs for breakfast again .
hey diddle , diddle , the cat did a piddle , all over the bedside clock , the little dog laughed to see such fun then died of electric shock .
georgie porgy pudding and pie kissed the girls and made them cry . when the boys came out to play he kissed them as well , he ' s funny that way .
there was a little girl , who had a little curl right in the middle of her forehead . . . and when she was good , she was very very good , but when she was bad she got a fur coat , jewels , a waterfront condo and a sports car .
a little boy returning home from his first day at school said to his mother , " mom , what ' s sex ? " his mother , who believed in all the most modern educational theories , gave him a detailed explanation , covering all aspects of the tricky subject . when she had finished , the little lad produced an enrollment form which he had brought home from school and said , " yes , but how am i going to get all that into this one little square ? "
question : what is the best way to get rid of irish people ? answer : throw a dollar off of a bridge ! question : what is the best way to get rid of more irish people ? answer : say that no one found the dollar yet !
taxiing down the tarmac , the 757 abruptly stopped , turned around and returned to the gate . after an hour - long wait , it finally took off . a concerned passenger asked the flight attendant , " what was the problem ? " " the pilot was bothered by a noise he heard in the engine , " explained the flight attendant , " and it took us a while to find a new pilot . "
" flight 2341 , for noise abatement , turn right 45 degrees . " " but center , we are at 35 , 000 feet . how much noise can we make up here ? " " sir , have you ever heard the noise a 747 makes when it hits a 727 ? "
a small boy was lost at a large shopping mall . he approached a uniformed policeman and said , " i ' ve lost my grandpa ! " the cop asked , " what ' s he like ? " the little boy replied , " jack daniels and women with big tits . "
1 . it is important that a man helps you around the house and has a job . 2 . it is important that a man makes you laugh . 3 . it is important to find a man you can count on and doesn ' t lie to you . 4 . it is important that a man is good in bed and loves making love to you . 5 . it is important that these four men don ' t know each other .
never accept a drink from a urologist , nor a friendly handshake from a proctologist .
never get into fights with ugly people , they have nothing to lose .
when putting cheese in a mousetrap , always leave room for the mouse .
sometimes you are the dog . sometimes you are the hydrant
everyone has a right to be stupid . some just abuse the privilege .
whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed .
be a good housekeeper . when you leave him . . . get a good lawyer . . . keep his house
my sister and i were at the mall and passed by a store that sold a variety of nuts . as we were looking at the display case , the boy behind the counter asked if we needed any help . i replied , " no , i ' m just looking at your nuts . " my sister started to laugh hysterically , the boy grinned , and i turned beet - red and walked away . to this day , my sister has not let me forget .
i was at the golf store comparing different kinds of golf balls . i was unhappy with the women ' s type i had been using . after browsing for several minutes , i was approached by one of the good - looking gentlemen who works at the store . he asked if he could help me . without thinking , i looked at him and said , " i think i like playing with men ' s balls . "

one summer evening during a violent thunderstorm a mother was tucking her son into bed . she was about to turn off the light when he asked with a tremor in his voice , " mommy , will you sleep with me tonight ? " the mother smiled and gave him a reassuring hug . " i can ' t dear , " she said . " i have to sleep in daddy ' s room . " a long silence was broken at last by his shaky little voice , " the big sissy . "
when i was six months pregnant with my third child , my three - year - old came into the room when i was just getting ready to get into the shower . she said , " mommy , you are getting fat ! " i replied , " yes , honey , remember mommy has a baby growing in her tummy . " " i know , " she replied , " but what ' s growing in your butt ? "
gardening rule : when weeding , the best way to make sure you are removing a weed and not a valuable plant is to pull on it . if it comes out of the ground easily , it is a valuable plant .
the easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement .
never take life seriously . nobody gets out alive anyway .
there are two kinds of pedestrians - - the quick and the dead .
life is sexually transmitted .
an unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys .
health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die .
the only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth .
health nuts are going to feel stupid someday , lying in hospitals dying of nothing .
q : how many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : 3 ! 1 to actually screw in the lightbulb , the other 2 need to be there so he can brag about the screwing part !
get the last word in : apologize .
some people are like slinkies . . . not really good for anything , but you still can ' t help but smile when you see one tumble down the stairs .
why does a slight tax increase cost you two hundred dollars and a substantial tax cut saves you thirty cents ?
how is it one careless match can start a forest fire , but it takes a whole box to start a campfire ?
the hypothalamus is one of the most important parts of the brain , involved in many kinds of motivation , among other functions . the hypothalamus controls the " four f ' s " : fighting , fleeing , feeding , and mating . - heard in a neuropsychology classroom
three retirees , each with a hearing loss , were playing golf one fine march day . one remarked to the other , " windy , isn ' t it ? " " no , " the second man replied , " it ' s thursday . " and the third man chimed in , " so am i . let ' s have a beer . "
80 - year old bessie bursts into the rec room at the retirement home . she holds her clenched fist in the air and announces , " anyone who can guess what is in my hand can have sex with me tonight ! ! " an elderly gentleman in the rear shouts out , " an elephant ? " bessie thinks a minute and says , " close enough . "
" hillary ' s got this huge book , it ' s a memoir of her life and times at the white house . in the book she says when bill told her he was having an affair , she said ' i could hardly breathe , i was gulping for air . ' no , i ' m sorry , that ' s what monica said . " - david letterman

" in hillary clinton ' s new book ' living history , ' hillary details what it was like meeting bill clinton , falling in love with him , getting married , and living a passionate , wonderful life as husband and wife . then on page two , the trouble starts . " - jay leno
" hillary clinton has finished her memoirs for publication next year , while bill has barely finished the first chapter . well , in all fairness , fiction is a lot harder to write . " - jay leno
" hillary clinton is the junior senator from the great state of new york . when they swore her in , she used the clinton family bible . you know , the one with only seven commandments . " - david letterman
" cnn found that hillary clinton is the most admired woman in america . women admire her because she ' s strong and successful . men admire her because she allows her husband to cheat and get away with it . " - jay leno
a guy falls asleep on the beach for several hours and gets a horrible sunburn . he goes to the hospital and is promptly admitted after being diagnosed with second degree burns . he was already starting to blister and in agony . the doctor prescribed continuous intravenous feeding with saline and electrolytes , a sedative , and a viagra pill every four hours . the nurse , rather astounded , said , " what good will viagra do him ? " the doctor replied , " it ' ll keep the sheets off his legs . "
q : why did the blond crash her helicopter ? a : because she was cold and decided to turn off the ceiling fan !
golf can best be defined as an endless series of tragedies obscured by the occasional miracle .
if you find you do not mind playing golf in the rain , the snow - - even during a hurricane ! - - here is a valuable tip : your life is in trouble .
an interesting thing about golf is that no matter how badly you play , it is always possible to get worse .
golf is a hard game to figure . one day you ' ll go out and slice it and shank it , hit it onto all the traps and miss every green . the next day you go out , and for no reason at all , you really stink .
i play in the low 80 ' s . if it is hotter than that , i won ' t play .
golf is like marriage : if you take yourself too seriously , it won ' t work - - and both are expensive .
in golf , some people tend to get confused with all the numbers . they shoot a six , yell fore , and write five .
lena called the airlines information desk and inquired , " how long does it take to fly from minneapolis to fargo ? " " just a minute , " said the busy clerk . " vell , said lena , " if it has to go dat fast , i tink i ' ll just take da bus . "
the judge had just awarded a divorce to lena , who had charged non - support . he said to ole , " i have decided to give your wife $ 400 a month for support . " " vell , dat ' s fine , judge , " said ole . " and vunce in a while i ' ll try to chip in a few bucks , myself . "
ole is so cheap that after his airplane landed safely he grumbled , " vell , dere gose five dollars down da drain for dat flight insurance ! "
what is black and white and red all over ? an embarrassed zebra
ole and lena got married . on their honeymoon trip they were nearing minneapolis when ole put his hand and on lena ' s knee . giggling , lena said , " ole , you can go a little farther now if ya vant to . " so ole drove to duluth .
ole and lars were on their very first train ride . they had brought along bananas for lunch . just as they began to peel them , the train entered a long , dark tunnel . " have you eaten your banana yet ? " ole asked excitedly " no , " replied lars . " vell , don ' t touch it den , " ole exclaimed . " i yust took vun bite and vent blind ! "
ole bought lena a piano for her birthday . a few weeks later , lars inquired how she was doing with it . " oh , " said ole , " i persuaded her to svitch to a clarinet . " " how come ? " asked lars " vell , " ole answered , " because vith a clarinet she can ' t sing . "
ole and lena went to the olympics . while sitting on a bench a lady turned to ole and said , " are you a pole vaulter ? " ole said , " no , i ' m norvegian . . . and my name isn ' t valter . "

two elderly ladies are sitting on the front porch . one lady turns and asks , " do you still get frisky ? " the other replies , " oh , sure i do . " the first woman asks , " what do you do about it ? " the second old lady replies , " i suck a lifesaver . " after a few moments , the first old lady asks , " who drives you to the beach ? "
q : do you know why doctors slap babies on the butt after they are born ? a : it knocks the penises off of the dumb ones .
some people say that i ' m superficial , but that ' s just on the surface .
now that food has replaced sex in my life , i can ' t even get into my own pants .
marriage changes passion . suddenly you ' re in bed with a relative .
i saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with " guess " on it . so i said " implants ? " she hit me .
i don ' t do drugs . i get the same effect just standing up fast .
sign in a chinese pet store : " buy one dog , get one flea . . . "
i live in my own little world . but it ' s ok . they know me here .
i got a sweater for christmas . i really wanted a screamer or a moaner .
if flying is so safe , why do they call the airport the terminal ?
i don ' t approve of political jokes . i ' ve seen too many of them get elected .
there are two sides to every divorce : yours and shithead ' s .
i love being married . it ' s so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life .
every day i beat my own previous record for number of consecutive days i ' ve stayed alive .
how come we choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for miss america ?
isn ' t having a smoking section in a restaurant like having a peeing section in a swimming pool ?
why is it that most nudists are people you don ' t want to see naked ?
snowmen fall from heaven unassembled .
every time i walk into a singles bar i can hear mom ' s wise words : " don ' t pick that up , you don ' t know where it ' s been ! "
today is international day of the very good looking , beautiful and damn attractive people , so send this message to someone you think fits this description . please do not send it back to me as i have already received over one thousand messages and my inbox is jammed full .
not only am i redundant and superfluous , but i also tend to use more words than necessary .
life is full of uncertainties . . . or could i be wrong about that ?
a couple of weeks ago the clouds over western washington were moving to the west . normally they head east , inland over the mountains to central washington and beyond . scientists blamed the switch on mad cloud disease .
a good friend will come and bail you out of jail . . . but , a true friend will be sitting next to you saying , " damn . . . that was fun ! " ? ?
energizer bunny arrested - charged with battery . a pessimist ' s blood type is always b - negative . practice safe eating - always use condiments . a freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother . shotgun wedding : a case of wife or death . i used to work in a blanket factory , but it folded . if electricity comes from electrons . . . does that mean that morality comes from morons ? marriage is the mourning after the knot before .
a hangover is the wrath of grapes . corduroy pillows are making headlines . is a book on voyeurism a peeping tome ? dancing cheek - to - cheek is really a form of floor play . banning the bra was a big flop . sea captains don ' t like crew cuts . does the name pavlov ring a bell ? a successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter .
time flies like an arrow . fruit flies like a banana . a gossip is someone with a great sense of rumor . without geometry , life is pointless . when you dream in color , it ' s a pigment of your imagination . condoms should be used on every conceivable occasion . reading whilst sunbathing makes you well - red . when two egotists meet , it ' s an i for an i . alarms : what an octopus is .
crick : the sound that a japanese camera makes . dockyard : a physician ' s garden . incongruous : where bills are passed . khakis : what you need to start the car in boston . oboe : an english tramp . pasteurize : too far to see . propaganda : a gentlemanly goose . toboggan : why we go to an auction
jesse jackson , jim baker and jimmy swaggert have written an impressive new book . it ' s called " ministers do more than lay people . "
a bicycle can ' t stand alone because it is two tired .
what ' s the definition of a will ? ( it ' s a dead giveaway ) .
time flies like an arrow . fruit flies like a banana .
a backward poet writes inverse .
she had a boyfriend with a wooden leg , but broke it off .
a chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion .
if you don ' t pay your exorcist you get repossessed .
when a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds .
not to worry : the man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered .
the difference between the pope and your boss . . . . the pope only expects you to kiss his ring .
my mind works like lightning . one brilliant flash and it is gone .
the only time the world beats a path to your door is if you ' re in the bathroom .
it used to be only death and taxes were inevitable . now , of course there ' s shipping and handling , too .
a husband is someone who , after taking the trash out , gives the impression that he just cleaned the whole house .
my next house will have no kitchen - - just vending machines and a large trash can .
a brunette said , " i was worried that my mechanic might try to rip me off . i was relieved when he told me all i needed was turn signal fluid . "
i ' m so depressed . my doctor refused to write me a prescription for viagra . he said it would be like putting a new flagpole on a condemned building .
i hate sex in the movies . tried it once . the seat folded up , the drink spilled and that ice , well , it really chilled the mood .
my neighbor was bit by a stray rabid dog . i went to see how he was and found him writing frantically on a piece of paper . i told him rabies could be cured and he didn ' t have to worry about a will . he said , " will ? what will ? i ' m making a list of the people i want to bite . "
definition of a teenager ? god ' s punishment for enjoying sex .
as we slide down the banister of life , may the splinters never point the wrong way .
progress in airline flying ; now a flight attendant can get a pilot pregnant .
i remember when sex was safe and flying was dangerous .
flashlights are tubular metal containers kept in a flight bag for the purpose of storing dead batteries .
the three best things in life are a good landing , a good orgasm , and a good bowel movement . the night carrier landing is one of the few opportunities in life where you get to experience all three at the same time . ( author unknown , but someone who ' s been there )
what is the similarity between air traffic controllers and pilots ? if a pilot screws up , the pilot dies ; if atc screws up , the pilot dies .
a professor was giving a big test one day to his students . he handed out all of the tests and went back to his desk to wait . once the test was over , the students all handed the tests back in . the professor noticed that one of the students had attached a $ 100 bill to his test with a note saying , " a dollar per point . " the next class the professor handed the tests back out . this student got back his test and $ 56 change .
on saturday afternoon , i was sitting in my lawn chair drinking beer and watching my wife mow the lawn . the neighbor lady from across the street was so outraged at this that she came over and shouted at me , " you should be hung . " i took a drink from my can of budweiser , wiped the cold foam from my lips , lifted my darkened ray ban sunglasses and stared directly at this nosey neighbor and then calmly replied , " i am , that ' s why she cuts the grass . "
" you certainly look cool . " " thanks , you don ' t look so hot yourself . "
never hold your farts in . they travel up your spine , into your brain , and that ' s where you get shitty ideas from .
a girl ' s legs are her best friends , but the best of friends must part . - - redd foxx
" my karma ran over my dogma . " - anonymous
what do you get when you cross a donkey with an onion ? a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes !
bin laden is sitting with his son and they are watching the twin towers collapse . his son asks him , " dad , which film is this ? " to which he replied , " son , this isn ' t a film , this is a series . "
why does a blonde keep lowering her head in the supermarket ? she is looking for low prices .
what does a blonde have on her when she is naked ? a working uniform .
how would you drown a blond ? put a mirror at the bottom of the swimming pool
how does a blond turn the light on after sex ? answer : she opens the car door .
why does the blond take off the doors from the bathroom when she is having a wash ? answer : so no one would look through the keyhole .
why is it good to have a blond in your car ? answer : you can park on places for disabled
what is the difference between a blonde and an ironing board ? it ' s easier to open the legs on the blonde .
what does a blond say when she is watching a porn movie ? answer : " look , me ! "
why does a blond stand next to a mirror with her hands on her eyes ? she wants to see how she looks like when she is sleeping .
q : what is the difference between a blonde and a tortoise ? a : the blond is better on her back than the tortoise .
a man is passing a blonde and he says , " where are those legs going ? " and the blonde answers , " they are going home for now unless something comes between them . "
3 blondes caught a goldfish , and the fish said if they let her go she will grant them one wish each . the first blonde said : " i want to be smart . " the second said : " i want to be smarter than her , " and the third said : " i want to be the smartest . " in the morning they woke up and the first blonde turned into a brunette , second black and the third one had become a man .
have you heard about the blonde that started writing a diary of all her thoughts ? yes , after 3 years she is on the second page now .
james came to school late . teacher : james , why are you late ? james : i had to take the cow to the bull to mate . teacher : couldn ' t your father do that ? james : no , i think it ' s better for the bull to do it .
do not walk behind me , for i may not lead . do not walk ahead of me , for i may not follow . do not walk beside me either . just pretty much leave me the hell alone .
the journey of a thousand miles . . . begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire .
sex is like air . it ' s not important . . . unless you aren ' t getting any .
never test the depth of the water with both feet .
if you lend someone $ 20 and never see that person again . . . it was probably worth it .
some days you are the bug . some days you are the windshield .
don ' t worry ; it only seems kinky the first time .
good judgment comes from bad experience , and a lot of that comes from bad judgment .
there are two theories to arguing with women . neither one works .
generally speaking , you aren ' t learning much when your lips are moving .
we are born naked , wet and hungry , and get slapped on our ass . . . then things get worse .
everyone seems normal until you get to know them
there is a fine line between " hobby " and " mental illness . "
roses are red , roses are yellow ; grandfather ' s teeth are lost in the jello .
you don ' t have any luck at all if : - the guarantee on your used car expires two hours before the car ' s engine does . - you start to go bald at the same time you reach puberty . - you get your big break and make the football team only to trip over the bench and break your leg . - you find a ten - dollar bill and get arrested when you try to spend it because it ' s counterfeit .
waitress : " would you like your coffee black ? " customer : " what other colors do you have ? "
tex : " my uncle can shoot a gun faster than any other man in the west . he can even shoot without removing the gun from his holster . " rex : " what do they call your uncle ? " tex : " toeless joe . "
the sheriff of a small western town was also the town veterinarian . late one night the phone rang , and his wife answered it . " is your husband there ? " asked an agitated voice . " do you require my husband ' s services as a sheriff or as a veterinarian ? " she asked . " both , " came the reply . " we can ' t get our dog ' s mouth open , and there ' s a burglar in it . "
sam : " where have i seen your face before ? " pam : " right where it is now . "
doctor : " stop worrying so much . forget your troubles . throw yourself into your work . " patient : " but , doc , i mix paint for a living ! "
dear lord , i pray for : wisdom , to understand a man love , to forgive him and patience , for his moods because , lord , if i pray for strength i ' ll just beat him to death
a small boy stunned his parents after sunday school when he began to empty his pockets of nickels , dimes and quarters . finally his mother asked the obvious question , " where did you get all that money ? " " at church , " the boy replied nonchalantly . " they have bowls of it . "
" why do you keep reading the bible every day ? " the teenage girl asked her grandfather . " well , it ' s a bit like cramming for your final exam , " said granddad .
the owner of a golf course in knoxville , tennessee was confused about paying an invoice minus his early payment discount , so he decided to ask his secretary for some mathematical help . he called her into his office and said , " you graduated from the university of tennessee and i need some help . if i were to give you $ 20 , 000 , minus 14% , how much would you take off ? " the secretary thought a moment , then replied , " everything but my earrings . "
a girl was visiting her blonde friend who had acquired two new dogs , and asked her what their names were . the blonde responded by saying that one was named rolex and one was named timex . her friend asked , " whoever heard of someone naming dogs like that ? " " helloooooo , " answered the blonde . " they ' re watch dogs . "
lorena bobbitt ' s sister louella was arrested yesterday for an alleged attempt to perform the same act on her husband as her famous sister had done several years ago . sources reveal the sister was not as accurate as lorena . she allegedly missed the target and stabbed her husband in the upper thigh causing severe muscle and tendon damage . the husband is reported to be in serious , but stable condition and louella has been charged with a . . . . misdewiener
two hindu swamis were in conversation . one said to the other , " how did you like my latest book , ' the art of levitation ' ? " his companion replied , " it kept me up all night . "
reporters interviewing a 104 year - old woman : " and what do you think is the best thing about being 104 ? " the reporter asked . she simply replied , " no peer pressure . "
the nice thing about being senile is you can hide your own easter eggs .
a 97 year old man goes into his doctor ' s office and says , " doc , i want my sex drive lowered . " " sir " , replied the doctor , " you ' re 97 . don ' t you think your sex drive is all in your head ? " " you ' re damned right it is ! " replied the old man . " that ' s why i want it lowered ! "
an elderly woman from brooklyn decided to prepare her will and make her final requests . she told her rabbi she had two final requests . first , she wanted to be cremated , and second , she wanted her ashes scattered over bloomingdales . " bloomingdales ! " the rabbi exclaimed . " why bloomingdales ? " " then i ' ll be sure my daughters visit me twice a week . "
the new army recruit was given guard duty at 2 a . m . he did his best for a while , but at about 4 a . m . he went to sleep . he awakened to find the officer of the day standing before him . remembering the heavy penalty for being asleep on guard duty , this smart young man kept his head bowed for another moment and looked upward and reverently said , " a - a - a - men ! "
" it ' s no use . art doesn ' t listen to me , " said a little boy who was praying for a new bike . " art who ? " asked the boy ' s mother . " art in heaven , " came the reply .
q : how do babies get their belly buttons ? a : when god finishes making little babies , he lines them all up in a row , then he walks along in front of them . he pokes each one in the tummy with his finger and says , " you ' re done , you ' re done , you ' re done , - - - "
practice safe eating . . . always use condiments .
what do you call it when you hear vrrrrm . ert . vrmmm . ert ? answer : a blond at a blinking red light .
i heard you got a baby . dad : yes , and i am very happy . so what about the wife ? dad : she still doesn ' t know .
beauty is only a light switch away
if life is a waste of time , and time is a waste of life , then let ' s all get wasted together , and have the time of our lives !
fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity .
no matter how good she looks , some other guy is sick and tired of putting up with her shit .
make love , not war . hell , do both get married !
a woman ' s rule of thumb : if it has , tires , or testicles , you ' re going to have trouble with it .
q : what do you call a non - churchgoer ? a : a seventh - day absentist
a young clergyman , fresh out of seminary , thought it would help him better understand the fears and temptations his future congregations faced if he first took a job as a policeman for several months . he passed the physical examination ; then came the oral exam to test his ability to act quickly and wisely in an emergency . among other questions he was asked , " what would you do to disperse a frenzied crowd ? " he thought for a moment and then said , " i would take up a collection . "
this guy and a girl were in a golf cart and the guy drops his tees out of his pocket and the lady asks what is he doing ? so , the guy says : i put my balls on them and i drive them .
how many cheerleaders does it take to screw in a light bulb ? they wouldn ' t , they might brake a nail !
mothers of teens know why animals eat their young .
we child - proofed our home 3 years ago but they ' re still getting in !
the main purpose of holding children ' s parties is to remind yourself that there are children more awful than your own .
who eats cereal and plays golf ? tony the tiger woods .
why is it hard for dalmatians to play hide - and - seek ? because they ' re always spotted !
what do you get when you aim a nuclear weapon at a disobedient country ? south korean barbecue .
what do you call a holy man that fries potatoes ? a chipmonk
" doc , i can ' t stop singing ' the green , green grass of home . ' " " that sounds like tom jones syndrome . " " is it common ? " " it ' s not unusual . "
i went to the butchers the other day and i bet him 50 bucks that he couldn ' t reach the meat off the top shelf . " no , " he said , " the steaks are too high . "
what kind of coffee was served on the titanic ? sanka .
john : i got this great new hearing aid the other day . mary : are you wearing it now ? john : yup . cost me four thousand dollars , though . but it ' s top of the line . mary : what kind is it ? john : twelve - thirty .
you ' re so stupid , that you called my house and asked for my number !
what is the best thing about dating a homeless woman ? you can drop her off anywhere .
what is the difference between in - laws and outlaws ? outlaws are wanted .
what should a woman say to a man she ' s just had sex with ? whatever she wants . he ' s sleeping .
welcome aboard southwest flight 245 to tampa . to operate your seat belt , insert the metal tab into the buckle , and pull tight . it works just like every other seat belt ; and , if you don ' t know how to operate one , you probably shouldn ' t be out in public unsupervised .
in the event of a sudden loss of cabin pressure , masks will descend from the ceiling . stop screaming , grab the mask , and pull it over your face . if you have a small child traveling with you , secure your mask before assisting with theirs . if you are traveling with more than one small child , pick your favorite .
as you exit the plane , make sure to gather all of your belongings . anything left behind will be distributed evenly among the flight attendants . please do not leave children or spouses .
one day , a teacher at an elementary school asks one of her students how clouds form . she replied " i ' m not sure how clouds form , but the clouds know how to form , and that ' s the important thing . . . . "
a young boy asked his mother , " ma , is it true that people can be taken apart like machines ? " " of course not , where did you hear such nonsense ? " replied his mother . the young boy answered , " the other day , daddy was talking to someone on the phone , and he said that he ' d like to screw the tail off his secretary . "
what starts with b , has 2 e ' s , and ends in r ? ? ? ? birthday cheer ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
bottle feeding : an opportunity for daddy to get up at 2 am too . defense : what you ' d better have around de yard if you ' re going to let the children play outside . drooling : how teething babies wash their chins .
after your hands become coated with grease , your nose will begin to itch .
if it jams , force it . if it breaks , it needed replacing anyway .
interchangeable parts aren ' t .
the one item you need is always in short supply .
never forget that your weapon was made by the lowest bidder !
sherlock holmes stood at the gates of heaven pulling at his pipe awaiting his turn . " i ' ll let you in , " said st . peter , gesturing toward the heavenly throngs behind him , " if you ' ll tell me who among these was the first mortal . " " elementary , my dear st . peter , " said the great detective , " he ' s the one without a bellybutton . "
two mexican detectives were investigating the murder of juan gonzalez . " how was he killed ? " asked one detective . " with a golf gun . " answered the other detective . " a golf gun ? ! what is a golf gun ? " asked the first detective . " i don ' t know , but it sure made a hole in juan ! "
a faith healer asked moshe how his family was getting along . " they ' re all fine , " moshe said , " except my uncle . he ' s very sick . " " your uncle is not sick , " the faith healer said . " he thinks he ' s sick . " two weeks later , the faith healer ran into moshe on the street . " how is your uncle getting along ? " he asked . moshe shrugged , " he thinks he ' s dead . "
one day jesus was out for a walk , strolling near the walls surrounding heaven , when he heard an old man ' s voice call from the other side . " hello ? hello ? " jesus replied , " who is it ? " " just a poor , old carpenter searching for his son , " the old man replied . jesus ' heart leapt with joy and he called out , " joseph ? " the voice answered back , " pinocchio ? "
very stinky i can be . and a wet hole is all you see . give me a rod and i ' m happy . in the silence i can queef . no one thinks they ' re eating beef . and please oh please don ' t use teeth .
a silent order of monks is allowed to eat only porridge and speak just once a month . one month , friar albert stood up and said , " i hate porridge . " a month of silence passes by and friar barnaby stands to say , " i like porridge . " another silent month goes by when head master geoff rises and says . . . " would you two stop this constant bickering ! "
" i give evolution two opposable thumbs up . "
two reasons why it ' s so hard to solve a redneck murder 1 . the dna is all the same . 2 . there are no dental records .
a man is recovering from surgery when a nurse asks him how he is feeling . " i ' m o . k . but i didn ' t like the four - letter - word the doctor used in surgery , " he answered . " what did he say ? " asked the nurse . " oops ! "
q : what do you call a sheep that does karate ? a : a lamb chop
q : why are there so many smiths in the phone book ? a : they all have phones .
why are democrats better than republicans in bed ? you ' ve never heard of getting a good piece of elephant , have you ?
" god give me patience . . . . and make it quick ! "
a young couple decide to have sex for the first time so they go to the store to buy condoms . they find a popular brand and bring it to the register . the price on the box is $ 1 . 00 but when the cashier totals up the price it comes to $ 1 . 07 . the couple asks what the extra 7 cents is for . the cashier replies back " tax . " then the young man says " i was wondering what held it on .
your mama is so flat chested , the last time she had a breast was in a bucket at kfc .
a buddhist approaches a hotdog vendor and says : " make me one with everything . " he gives the vendor a $ 20 bill and waits . finally he says : " where ' s my change ? " says the vendor : " all change must come from within . "
q : what does the tooth fairy give for half a tooth ? a : nothing . she wants the tooth , the whole tooth , and nothing but the tooth
q : what do you get when you cross a scottish sheep with a peruvian mountain goat ? a : the dolly llama .
a father , angry at his son for not doing well at school tells him , " at your age , george washington was the best student in his class . " " yeah dad . . . " replies the kid . . . " and at yours , he was the president of the united states ! "
a priest came to a dying author to read him his last rites . " do you reject the devil ? " asked the priest . " this is no time to be making enemies , " replied the author .
wife : " i wish i was a newspaper , so i ' d be in your hands all day . " husband : " i too wish that you were a newspaper , so i could have a new one everyday ! "
what do fish paint with ? water colours !
where do fish keep their life savings ? at the river bank !
two men were talking . " so , how ' s your sex life ? " " oh , nothing special . i ' m having social security sex . " " social security sex ? " " yeah , you know : i get a little each month , but not enough to live on ! "
a wife went in to see a therapist and said , " i ' ve got a big problem , doctor . every time we ' re in bed and my husband climaxes , he lets out this ear splitting yell . " " my dear , " the shrink said , " that ' s completely natural . i don ' t see what the problem is . " " the problem is , " she complained , " it wakes me up ! "
tired of a listless sex life , the man came right out and asked his wife during a recent lovemaking session , " how come you never tell me when you have an orgasm ? " she glanced at him casually and replied , " you ' re never home ! "
q : what happens when a buddhist becomes totally absorbed with the computer he is working with ? a : he enters nerdvana .
i ' m dyslexic , and attended a conference about the disorder with a friend . the speakers asked us to share a personal experiences with the group . i told them stress aggravates my condition , in which i reverse words and letters when i ' m tense . when i finished speaking , my friend leaned over and whispered to me , " now i know why you named your daughter hannah . "
getting a new girlfriend is like joining the army . you get a new haircut and new clothes , and all information is given to you on a need - to - know basis .
one evening two bachelors were talking over dinner . the conversation drifted from sports to politics , and then to cooking . " i got a cookbook once , " said the bachelor . " but i couldn ' t do anything with it . " " too much fancy stuff in it , huh ? " asked his friend . " you said it . " the first guy replied , nodding . " every one of those recipes began the same way : ' take a clean plate . . . . ' "
former vice president dan quayle says that if you take out the profanity , the tv show " the osbounes " is about good family values . you take out the profanity , and " the osbournes " is about 30 seconds long .
recently i was behind a car with three bumper stickers : don ' t be fooled by genetically engineered food - - demand labels and safety testing for food ; eat for the health of it ; and support organic farmers . " the car was in front of me at a mcdonalds drive - through .
what ' s the nicest thing about a nudist wedding ? you don ' t have to ask - you can see who the best man is .
what has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies ? a bingo machine
true bravery is arriving home late after a boy ' s night out , being assaulted by your wife with a broom , and still having the guts to ask : are you still cleaning , or are you flying somewhere ?
what is the definition of wicker box ? it ' s what elmer fudd wants to do to madonna .
yo mama so dumb that she thought taco bell was a mexican phone company .
what does a mexican firefighter name his twin sons ? jose and josbe
janet ' s son , trevor , lived in georgia with his mom . over the summer , trevor went to california . on his way back to home , he decided to stop at an " adult video " store . the manager asked if he had an account . he admitted he didn ' t , and asked to start one . the manager asked for his phone number and he gave it to them . the manager then replied , " it says that the account is under the name of janet . "
proverb : behind every successful man , there is a woman . refined by me : behind every successful man , there is a very much surprised woman .
yo momma ' s so fat , she plays hopscotch like this : washington , california , nevada , now arizona
a father was approached by his small son , who told him proudly , " i know what the bible means ! " his father smiled and replied , " what do you mean , you ' know ' what the bible means ? " the son replied , " i do know ! " " okay , " said his father . " so , son , what does the bible mean ? " " that ' s easy , daddy . it stands for ' basic instructions before leaving earth . ' "
this is the epitaph on the gravestone of an army mule : here lies maggie , who in her time kicked two colonels , four majors , ten captains , twenty - four lieutenants , forty - two sergeants , four hundred eighty - six privates , and one bomb .
teacher to student : " i just read the composition on ' my house ' that you had submitted . " student : " yes , is there anything wrong ? " teacher : " no . it was excellent . it was exactly the same composition that your older brother submitted last year . " student : " well . . . we live in the same house . . . "
a young woman goes shopping and buys one bar of soap , one yogurt , one microwave dinner for one , one apple , and a romance novel . she goes to the checkout stand , where she notices that the clerk is staring at her . flattered , she flutters her eyelashes and giggles nervously . he says , " single , huh ? " she replies coyly , " how did you guess ? " " because , " he says , " you ' re ugly . "
yo momma is like a nascar race car , she burns rubber everynight !
on the sixth day , god created the platypus . and god said : let ' s see the evolutionists try and figure this one out .
q . why do women prefer old gynecologists ? a . they have shaky hands !
matters had progressed to the point where the freshman and his date were naked in the motel bed when the girl had a change of heart . " i suppose you ' re going to tell me now that you ' re waiting for ' mr . right ' , " he said dejectedly . " that ' s a silly old romantic notion , " laughed the coed . " i ' m just waiting for ' mr . big ' . "
one day jim , a duck , was swimming in a pond when he came up to another duck and asked " what are doing ? " " blowing bubbles , " she replied . jim met 3 more ducks and they all said the same thing . when jim came up to a 5th duck he said " let me guess , you ' re blowing bubbles ? " " no , " said the duck , " i am bubbles ! "
q : what ' s green , has 3 eyes , sharp teeth , and blood on its face ? a : i don ' t know , but it ' s on your shoulder !
if there are 12 cats on a fence and 1 cat jumps off , how many are left ? none , they ' re all copycats !
q : why did the blonde wear condoms on her ears ? a : she was afraid she might get hearing aids .
q : what did the blonde ' s right leg say to her left leg ? a : nothing , they haven ' t met yet .
two blondes observed in a parking lot trying to unlock the door of their mercedes with a coat hanger : blonde # 1 : i can ' t seem to get this door unlocked ! blonde # 2 : well , you ' d better hurry up and try harder , its starting to rain and the top is down !
a policeman pulled a blonde over because she was driving the wrong way on a one - way street . cop : do you know where you were going ? blonde : no , but wherever it is , it must be bad ' cause all the people are leaving .
yo momma cooks so bad , your family prays after they eat !
yo momma so hairy . . . . . she has to have a hair trapper in her kitchen sink .
yo momma is so fat i had to take five trains , eight cars , and twelve airplanes just to get around her !
blondes are like pool tables - every time you put a dollar in , she ' ll rack your balls .
the slick defense lawyer was drilling the star witness , in an attempt to ruffle the mans feathers , and secure his own case . he began egging him on . " you seem to have more than the average share of intelligence for a man of your background " the lawyer sneered . the witness replied , " if i wasn ' t under oath , i ' d return the compliment . "
three ants went to the beach to swim . two jumped directly in the water . the other went back home and after an hour returned . why ? she forgot her swimming suit ! !
" danny , " asked mrs waters , " what ' s usually used as a conductor of electricity ? " " why - er . . . " " correct , wire . now tell me , what is the unit of electrical power ? " " the what ? ? " that ' s absolutely right . the watt . "
knock knock . who ' s there ? ketchup . ketchup who ? ketchup to ya later !
how many cats does it take to screw in a light bulb ? none . cats can ' t hold a light bulb
yo momma ' s so fat that a car hit her and she turned around and said " hey ! who threw that rock ! "
knock knock . who ' s there ? to . to who ? to you .
how do you titillate an ocelot ? oscillate its tit a lot !
there ' s a big controversy on the jewish view of exactly when life begins . in jewish tradition , the fetus is not considered viable until after it graduates from medical school .
yo momma ' s so stupid . . . she site on the t . v and watches the couch .
yo mama is so fat , she ' s the reason they declared world hunger .
yo mama is like a hockey player . she doesn ' t change her pad for three periods .
yo momma is so fat , that every time you smack her butt , you can ride the waves !
a father asked his son : " why do you take the medicine before it ' s time ? " the son answered : " to surprise the germs ! "
jack was summoned by the disciplinarian where his son , tracey was enrolled . tracey always throw stones at his playmates and he never missed . jack replied to the disciplinarian : sir , please look at the bright side . my son will grow up to be a very effective baseball pitcher .
a teacher asked her children just before they were about to leave class for mass , " and why is it necessary to be quiet during mass ? " one bright little girl replied , " because people are sleeping . "
a girl went to a dentist to have her teeth filled . the dentist asked , " what kind of fillings do you want ? white or silver ? " the girl replied , " chocolate fillings . "
two muffins were sitting next to each other , in an oven , as they were being cooked . one muffin turned to the other muffin , and said , " man , it ' s hot in here . " then the other muffin turned to the first muffin and screamed , " ahhh ! a talking muffin ! "
co - pilot : commander ! we are being attacked ! commander : report your height and status ! co - pillot : i ' m 5 ' 11 and sittin ' in the cockpit .
one to his friend : " my little brother started walking last week ! " the other friend : " where did he go ? he should be kilometers away ! "
a dad to his son : if someone calls for me , tell him that i ' m out . the son : and if he doesn ' t call ?
a teacher asked his student : give me an example of 6 animals . the student : 3 lions , 2 tigers , and 1 cheetah !
suddenly the electricity went off in the house of a blonde . so , she wanted to light a match . after being tired of looking for the match , she blew out the candle and went to sleep .
why do seagulls fly over the sea ? because if they flew over the bay , they ' d be called bagels !
what kind of flashlight do blonds use ? the solar powered kind !
yo mama so fat she can give the homeless a home .
a nurse dies and goes to heaven . she is met at the pearly gates by st . peter who asks her questions about her life . over st . peter ' s shoulder the nurse spots a man in a white coat sitting on a cloud with a stethoscope around his neck . " oh brother ! " she cries . " is that a doctor ? " st peter glances over his shoulder and says , " no , that ' s god . he just thinks he ' s a doctor . "
why do you need a driver ' s license to buy liquor when you can ' t drink and drive ?
some friends were on vacation in maine , and while watching fireworks heard their small son say , " oh , god ! " the father quickly cautioned his son , " please don ' t speak the lord ' s name in vain . " the boy nodded but obviously mis - heard , because he asked quietly , " is it ok if i speak his name back in minnesota ? "
and moses looked upon the lord and said : " we are your chosen people and you want us to cut the tips off of our what ? "
wife : i always bring your picture with me everyday when i go to the office . husband : oh . that must be because you love me so much . wife : no , it ' s because whenever i see your picture , i realize that however hard the problem is in office , i ' m lucky with my work because there is a much bigger problem and that ' s you . " husband : ouch !
doctor : i regret to tell you that you have a brain tumor . mr . bean : yesss ! ! ! ( jumps in joy ) doctor : did you understand what i just told you ? mr . bean : yes of course , do you think i ' m dumb ? doctor : then why are you so happy ? mr . bean : because that proves that i have a brain !
mr . bean : ( crying ) " the doctor called , mom ' s dead . " friend : " condolence , my friend . " after receiving a phone call , mr . bean cries even louder . friend : " what now ? " mr . bean : " my sister just called , her mom died too ! "
aa and aa
librarian : " please be quiet . the people next to you can ' t read . " boy : " what a shame ! i ' ve been reading since i was six . "
molly wrote a letter to santa claus one day . dear santa , please give me a workout barbie and a new milkman because he is sleeping with mommy . love , molly
before setting off on a business trip to tulsa , i called the hotel where i ' d be staying to see if they had a gym . the hotel receptionist ' s sigh had a tinge of exasperation in it when she answered . " we have over 300 guests at at this facility " she said . â   â   " does this ' jim ' have a last name ? "
the dean of a women ' s college , addressing her charges , concluded , " . . . and remember , young ladies , you represent not only your own honor but that of the school . when approached by young men , ask yourself : is an hour ' s pleasure worth a lifetime of disgrace ? now , are there any questions ? " a young lady immediately raised her hand and said , " tell me , how do you make it last an hour ? "
there was a congregation that decided to have four worship services each sunday . there was one for those new to the faith . another for those who liked traditional worship . one for those who had lost their faith and would like to get itâ   back . and another for those who had a bad experience withâ   church and were complaining about it . they have names forâ   each of the services : " finders , keepers , losers , weepers . "
a golfer hits a wicked slice off the tee that ricochets through the trees and into the next fairway narrowly missing another golfer . when the first golfer gets to his ball he is greeted by his unintended victim who angrily tells him of the near miss . " i ' m sorry , i didn ' t have time to yell fore , " says the first golfer . " that ' s funny " replies the second , " you had plenty of time to yell ' shit ! ' "
yo momma ' s so fat , she has to go on three weight loss systems .
sometimes people with a lot of cents have little sense .
yo mama so fat that she bent over and got arrested for selling crack .
yo momma ' s so tall , she did a cartwheel and hit jesus .
yo mama is so fat she has to get baptized in sea world .
one day god said that he would grant anyone in line a wish . this one guy got stuck at the back of the line , which made him kind of upset . the people before him went on through the line , and everybody wished that they could be beautiful . the last guy came up to god and said , " i wish that all the people that wished they were beautiful were ugly again . " the next time that you ' re last in line - be happy .
there was a guy he had to deliver a package to the nearest town which took three days to get there . if he leaves on friday and arrives on friday how is that possible ? he doesn ' t stop to rest . * his horse ' s name is friday .
what do you call a rabbit who tells jokes ? a funny bunny !
yo momma so lazy she thinks a two - income family is where yo daddy has 2 jobs .
q : what do you call a 300 - pound stripper ? a : broke
q . have you heard of the dyslexic cow who attained enlightenment ? a . it kept on repeating oooommm !
q : why didn ' t cain please god ? a : because he just wasn ' t able .
a sophisticated lady went into an expensive restaurant . before sitting , she asked her waiter , " do you serve crabs here , sir ? " the waiter replied , " yes ma ' am , we serve anybody in here . please have a seat . "
two blondes were sitting enjoying a view of the full moon . the first blonde says ; " i wonder which is further away ? the moon or florida ? " the second blonde replies ; " well , duh ! the moon ! can you see florida ? "
two english guys were in the middle of the scorching desert with no food or water . they both decide to stop and have a rest in the sand . then one guy has a genius idea . the guy says , " i support liverpool football team , so i ' ll eat the liver of my camel ! " the second guys says , " i support arsenal football club , but i ' m not that hungry ! "
my survey which i conducted said that 8 out of 4 people don ' t understand fractions .
knock knock ! who ' s there ? who ! who who ? you must have the stammers !
ugly : ( adjective ) a state of being in which you are constantly in . example : you
yo momma so fat , her bungee cord has to be hooked onto mars .
yo momma so fat , she makes godzilla look like a pocket dragon .
yo momma so fat , she ' s the founder of button poppers anonymous .
yo momma is so fat , she has to iron her clothes on the street .
there are two fat guys in a bar , one of the guys , puts his empty glass on the bar and says , " your round " , the other guy says , " so are you , you fat basted ! "
your mama ' s so old , she farted and dust came out .
your mama ' s so ugly , she stuck her face out the window and cops pulled her over for mooning .
yo momma is so fat she put on a red coat , walked outside , and everyone started yelling , " kool - aid , kool - aid "
a guy took his girlfriend to the movies . during the pre - views , she asked him if he would go and buy her some m & ms . when he returned with her candy , she opened the bag , picked out all the brown ones and threw them away . " what did you do that for ? " he asked her . " i ' m allergic to chocolate ! " she replied .
jerry : so you have both a nice mommy and a pretty mommy ? steve : yup . they ' re lesbians .
hey ! i recognize you ! you ' re the third one over on the evolutionary scale !
q . why should you be careful when it ' s raining cats and dogs ? a . because you might step in a poodle .
if brains were fuel , you wouldn ' t have enough to power an ant ' s motorcycle around the edge of a penny .
why didn ' t the zombie cross the road ? because he didn ' t have the guts !
yo momma ' s so fat when she stepped on the scale she said , " wow , that ' s my phone number ! "
yo momma is so fat , when she stepped on a dollar she made change .
yo momma ' s so fat , she has more rolls than the bakery shop !
knock knock who ' s there ? scold scold who ? scold out here , let me in !
a mormon acquaintance once pushed mark twain into an argument on the issue of polygamy . after long and tedious expositions justifying the practice , the mormon demanded that twain cite any passage of scripture expressly forbidding polygamy . " nothing easier , " twain replied . " no man can serve two masters . "
what do you call frozen blonds ? frosted flakes !
a sunday school teacher said to her children , " we have been learning how powerful kings and queens were in bible times . but , there is a higher power . can anybody tell me what it is ? " one child blurted out , " aces ! "
a sunday school teacher asked , " johnny , do you think noah did a lot of fishing when he was on the ark ? " " no , " replied johnny . " how could he , with just two worms ? "
the sunday school teacher was describing how lot ' s wife looked back and turned into a pillar of salt , when little johnny interrupted , " my mummy looked back once , while she was driving , " he announced triumphantly , " and she turned into a telephone pole ! "
a blonde rings up an airline . she asks , " how long are your flights from america to england ? " the woman on the other end of the phone says , " just a minute . . . " the blonde says , " thanks ! " and hangs up the phone .
yo momma so dumb she thought a quarterback was a refund !
little bonnie became restless as the preacher ' s sermon dragged on and on . finally , she leaned over to her mother and whispered , " mommy , if we give him the money now , will he let us go ? ã®
why is it so hard to make a blond snowman ? ? ? because you have to hollow out its head ! ! ! ! !
why did the tomato blush ? it saw the salad dressing .
what do you call a black person that wants to be and acts just like jackie chan ? blackie chan
a blonde walked into the pet store and , after looking up and down the aisles , asked the sales clerk for help . " i ' d like a box of birdseed , " said the lady . " for which kind of bird ? " he asked helpfully . " oh , i dunno , " she replied . " whichever will grow the fastest . "
a blonde pulls over at the gas station , gets out of her car , opens the hood , and checks the engine oil . after a few seconds of intelligent thinking , she takes the dipstick in her hand and , raising her chest high , walks up to the attendant . " excuse me sir , but can i buy a longer dipstick ? " " may i ask why you need a longer one ma ' am ? " " because this one isn ' t long enough to reach the oil ! "
while shopping at the grocery store , i noticed that the tuna packed in spring water was labeled dolphin safe , but the tuna packed in oil was not . i mentioned this fact to the blonde cashier and mused out loud , " i wonder why ? " the blonde replied , " must be because the oil would suffocate them . "
you know what would have happened if there had been three wise women instead of three wise men , don ' t you ? the three wise women would have asked for directions , arrived on time , helped deliver the baby , cleaned the stable , made a casserole , and given practical gifts .
the russians were called " reds , " a long while ago . so a war general named rudolf walks into a bakery . the baker starts talking about owning a reindeer . he starts asking questions about it to the general . when the baker gets home , he tells his wife , " rudolf the red knows reindeer ! "
why did the teacher have to put on her glasses during class ? because the kids were to bright !
why don ' t crabs share ? because there shelfish !
what is the name of the baseball player who sits under a tree ? babe root !
a friend of mine spent two hours in the salon getting her hair colored , cut , and blow dried . after all that , was it too much to ask to be treated like cinderella at the ball ? yet when she went to the desk to pay , the receptionist said to her , " hello , madam , who is your appointment with today ? "
how many roaches does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? you ' ll never know because when you turn on the light , they scatter !
knock - knock . who ' s there ? sara . sara who ? sara doctor in the house ? !
a man walked into a bar . . . and it hurt !
two blondes were going on a hike , and came to a fork in the road . a sign was in the center that said " bear left . " one of the blondes said , " i ' m happy that was taken care of , now we finally are able to take the upper trail , " so they proceeded left .
why is michael jackson dating twenty - eight year olds ? the answer is : because there ' s twenty of them ! ( twenty eight year olds . . . . )
what is tarzan ' s favorite christmas song ? jungle bells !
what does the turtle do in the olympics ? the hurdle run !
how many michael jacksons does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? answer : one , but 500 children to hold the ladder !
why did the elephant call the locksmith ? because he lost his keys in his trunk !
how do turtles talk to each other ? shellphones !
how do you get a mouse to smile ? say cheese !
which is faster , hot or cold ? hot , because you can catch a cold !
what did the cop say to the bad popcicle ? freeze !
why couldn ' t g - unit take the bus ? they only had 50 cent !
what is a vampire ' s favorite holiday ? fangs - giving !
q : why did the blonde tip - toe past the medicine cabinet ? a : so she wouldn ' t wake up the sleeping pills .
what did the cat say to the other cat on the phone ? can you hear me - ow ?
which sea will make you go ape ? the chimpansea .
if you invited all the alphabet to tea who would be late ? the letters ' uvwxyz ' because they all come after ' t ' .
what do you call an alien with no ears ? anything you like , he can ' t hear you .
what do you call a horse that escaped from jail ? a zebra .
what is a cat ' s favourite exercise ? puss - ups !
what do you get when you cross a fish and a grizzly ? a bearacuda .
why do psychics ask so many questions when they supposedly already know the answers ?
everyone has a photographic memory , you just don ' t have any film .
all believers in telekinesis raise my hand !
i couldn ' t fix your brakes , so instead i made your horn louder .
do you still love nature , despite what it did to you ?
a blonde and a brunette are in an elevator when a good - looking man enters . they notice that , though he is very handsome , he has very bad dandruff . he gets off at his floor , and when the doors close , the brunette looks at the blond and says , " someone needs to give him some head and shoulders " . the blonde replies , " how do you give someone shoulders ? "
if your brain was chocolate it wouldn ' t fill an m & m
wear tank tops and support your right to bare arms .
what do micheal jackson and a ps2 have in common ? they ' re both plastic , can be black or white and can be turned on by children .
knock - knock . who ' s there ? avon lady , your door bell is broken .
yo mama so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop !
yo mama so fat people jog around her instead of the block , for a longer run !
an irish man walks out of a bar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . hey , it could happen
one day in heaven , george bush saw moses & walked up to him . when he tried to say hi moses ran off . the next day george bush saw moses again . he then tried to say hi , but he sped off again . the next day when george bush saw moses he asked him . " how come every time i try to say hi to you , you run off ? " moses replied , " last time i saw a bush , i was stuck in the desert for 40 years . "
i hear some rich guy wants to build a tavern at the top of mount everest . talk about raising the bar high !
cows is it just me , or does anyone else find it amazing that our government can track a cow born in canada almost three years ago , right to the stall where she sleeps in the state of washington , and they can track her calves to their stalls . but they are unable to locate 11 million illegal aliens wandering around our country . maybe we should give them all a cow .
they keep talking about drafting a constitution for iraq . why don ' t we just give them ours ? it was written by a lot of really smart guys , it ' s worked for over 200 years and we ' re not using it anymore .
the real reason that we can ' t have the ten commandments in a courthouse : you cannot post " thou shalt not steal , " " thou shalt not commit adultery " and " thou shall not lie " in a building full of lawyers , judges and politicians . it creates a hostile work environment !
how many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? 2 , but i don ' t know how they got in there !
you ' re so fat , the last time you went on a bus , the ticket read ' ' please allow up to 28 days for delivery . ' '
your cooking is so bad , the homeless give it back !
what ' s the blonde cheer ? i ' m blonde , i ' m blonde , i ' m b . l . o . n . . . . . uh , oh well . . . i ' m blonde , i ' m blonde , i ' m . . . yeah , yeah , yeah . . .
what did the blond name his pet zebra ? spot !
q : how many blondes does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : " what ' s a lightbulb ? "
what ' s the difference between pokemon and pokewomon ? poke balls
yo mommas so old that when she was in school they didn ' t have history .
what starts with the letter f and ends in uck ? firetruck
why can ' t osama sleep with any of his 5 wives ? because all he sees is bush .
knock - knock who ' s there jack jack who i don ' t know any jack
why did the lightbulb fail his test ? he wasnt bright enough !
what does a cow do for entertainment ? listen to moo - sic .
yo mamma is such a redneck , when i look at her family tree , it goes straight up .
what do you call a flying skunk ? a smell - icopter
yo momma is so fat , she sat on a gamecube and made it into a gameboy advance .
yo mamma is so fat , she sat down in wal - mart and lowered the prices .
what do you get when you cross an elephant with darth vador ? an elevator
you know your a redneck when there are 15 cars in your driveway , and the only one that moves is your house .
yo momma is so poor , i asked her what was for dinner and she put her foot on the table and said " corn ! "
yo momma is so fat when she sees a school bus go by , she says " stop that twinky ! ! "
you know you ' re a redneck when you go to a family reunion to find a girlfriend .
you know you ' re a redneck when you mow your lawn and find 10 cars .
yo mamma is so fat , she jumped up and got stuck in the sky .
yo momma is so stupid she threw butter out the window to see a butterfly .
if your uncle jack was stuck on a roof , would you help your uncle jack off ?
q : what do you call a schizophrenic buddhist ? a : someone who is at two with the universe .
knock knock who ' s there ? mayonaise mayonaise who ? mayonaise a lot of jokes on this website .
what is the difference between a drunk and a druggie ? drunks run a stop sign and druggies stop at it and wait till it turns green .
q : what did baby corn say to mama corn ? a : where ' s pop corn ?
you ' re so stupid you got locked in an open convertibale car .
yo momma is so fat . she has more ass than a donkey farm .
yo momma so dumb she took back the donut because it had a hole in it !
how many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb ? i don ' t know . they can ' t get the dead one out .
q : what ' s the difference between a lawyer and a bucket of shit ? a : the bucket .
a dog is a man ' s best friend because it gives no advice , never tries to borrow money , and has no in - laws .
you ' re so ugly that you scared away a man - eating shark !
yo momma so fat , you can see her from space .
knock - knock who ' s there ? orange orange who orange you tired of hearing the same stupid jokes about oranges ?
a chinese guy was trying to exchange yen for dollars and asked the teller , " why it change , yestoday i get two hunat dollar fo yen - today iget a hunat eighty ? " the teller says - " fluctuations ! " the chinese guy says " fluc you white guys too "
how many lawyers does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? none . they like to keep their clients in the dark !
you ' re so slow that if you were a train engine , the caboose would be leading .
why did the pencil cross the road ? it was lead !
there are these kids at school , each bragging about how they ruined something in an amount of time . 1st kid : i wore out a pair of shoes in 1 month . 2nd kid : i wore out a pair of jeans in 1 week . 3rd kid : oh that ' s nothing , i wore out my babysitter in 5 minutes !
teacher : can you pay a little attention to this lesson ? ! pupil : i am trying my best to pay as little attention as i can ! !
i went into a restaurant that served ' breakfast at any time ' . so , i asked for french toast in the time of the renaissance
did you hear about all the wal - marts being taken out of afghanistan ? yeah thet ' re putting in targets !
a teacher asks a first grader a simple math question . teacher : " if you had 50 cents in one pocket , and you asked you dad for another 50 cents , how much would you have ? " student : " 50 cents . " teacher : " you obviously don ' t know how to add . " student : " you obviously don ' t know my dad ! "
q : why are frogs so happy ? a : they eat whatever bugs them !
q : how many people does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : depends on how many lightbulbs need changing .
say the word pig before each word . pigs about talking idiot this got i long how look now say the word pig after each word pigs about talking idiot this got i long how look next say the word pig before and after each word pigs about talking idiot this got i long how look finally read the list of words from the bottom up . pigs about talking idiot this got i long how look have a great day : )
q : what happens when two frogs collide ? a : they get tongue tied q : how does a frog feel when he has a broken leg ? a : unhoppy q : what happens when you mix a frog with a bathtub scrubby - mit ? a : a rubbit q : why did the frog read sherlock holmes ? a : he liked a good croak and dagger q : what happened to the frog ' s car when his parking permit expired ? a : it got toad
why do blondes wear big hoop earrings when they go on a date ? so they have some place to put their feet .
your breath is so bad , you need a tic - tac the size of a watermelon !
yo mama is so fat , when you were born , you came out singin ' " it ' s a small world after all . "
q : what did the chicken say after it crossed the road ? a : " why is everyone always talking about me ? "
q : why did the rooster cross the road ? a : to prove he wasn ' t chicken . q : why did the pencil cross the road ? a : it was lead .
yo momma is so fat and hairy , that if she dyed her hair green , people would use her for golf practice .
child : mom ! i got a 100% on my homework ! mom : really ? on what subject ? child : a 40% on science and a 60% on spelling .
yo momma is so dumb she can ' t get the ball to touch the ground .
how to break up a dating couple : knock - knock . who ' s there ? orange . orange who ? orange you glad i dumped your girlfriend last night ?
at a party , a man came up to a stranger and asked " have you heard the latest bush joke ? " the man replies , " i am bush . " the man said , " oh . i ' ll tell it slowly . "
you ' re so stupid , you threw a rock at the ground and missed .
president bush looks up from his desk in the oval office to see one of his aides nervously approaching him . " what is it now ? " sighs the president . " it ' s this abortion bill , " replies the aide . " what do you want to do about it ? " " go ahead and pay it , " says the president .
did you fall out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on your way down ?
did you eat a bowl of stupid for breakfast this morning ?
yo momma stinks so bad she has to use right guard and left guard !
mom : why did you get a grade so low ? junior : because of absence . mom : who , you ? junior : no , the kid who sits right next to me .
teacher : larry , name two pronouns . larry : who , me ? teacher : that answer is correct .
why is mississippi river unusual ? because it has four eyes and can ' t see !
where did they sign the declaration of independence ? at the bottom .
teacher : alvin , how many letters are in the alphabet ? alvin : 18 . teacher : wrong , there are 26 . alvin : no , teacher , there used to be 26 , but et went home in a ufo and the cia went after him .
teacher : name an animal that lives in the tundra . pupil : a reindeer . teacher : good , now name another one . pupil : another reindeer .
" teacher , i can ' t do this problem ! " " any five year old can do that problem . " " damn ! no wonder i can ' t do it ! i ' m almost ten ! "
atlas is the biggest thief in history , because he held up the whole world .
knock - knock . who ' s there ? terra . terra who ? terra reason you won ' t let me in ?
what do you get when every car in the nation is pink ? answer : a pink carnation ( the flower )
have you heard about the new blonde paint ? it ' s not too bright but it spreads real easy .
a man and his wife were making their first doctor visit , the wife being pregnant with their first child . after everything checked out , the doctor took a small stamp and stamped the wife ' s stomach with indelible ink . the couple was curious about what the stamp read , so when they got home , the husband got out his magnifying glass to try to see what it was . in very tiny letters , the stamp said , " when you can read this , come back and see me . "
what do you call a horny fish ? a blowfish
teacher : jimmy ! count from one all the way to ten ! jimmy : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 . teacher : good , now what comes after that ? jimmy : jack , queen and king !
what is 4 - 2 ? two . what is 8 - 6 ? two . who wrote tom sawyer ? twain now say the answers altogether . two two twain . have a nice twip !
child : " teacher ! i can ' t find my boots ! " teacher : " are you sure ? " child : " yes ! there is only one pair left , and it ' s not mine ! " teacher : " are you sure ? " child : " definitely ! mine had snow on them ! "
the following event actually happened to a famous basketball coach . " when i first got a job as la salle university ' s basketball coach , the phone rang and my wife told me it was sports illustrated . i cut myself shaving and fell down the steps in my rush to get the phone . when i got there , a voice on the other end said , ' for just 75 cents an issue . . . ' "
why don ' t skeletons ever play music at church ? because they don ' t have any organs !
what did the statue say to the other after a break - up and make - up ? i ' m sorry i took you for granite . ( granted ) hahahaha
why does hershey ' s chocolate taste so good ? because they are made by women ! ( her - she ) hahahaha
a golf ball is a golf ball , no matter how you putt it .
child : mommy , why am i so skinny ? mommy : don ' t worry about it , dear . when your father was born , he only weighed four pounds . child : really ? did he live ?
my uncle is very superstitious . he won ' t work any week that has a friday in it .
yo momma so fat she played pool with the planets !
one day , harry and sarah were having a petty argument . after shouting back and forth , sarah finally says , " let ' s make a deal . to end this argument , you admit that i am right and i will admit that i am wrong . " harry thought for a moment , agreed , and asked her to go first . sarah replied , " i ' m sorry harry , i am wrong . " in response , harry shouts happily , " you ' re right ! "
earth worm : oh , i wish that darn evil mister barney hadn ' t chopped my brother into two sections ! other earth worm : why ? earth worm : because , now i have two half brothers !
q : what ' s the difference between a lawyer and a herd of buffalo ? a : the lawyer charges more .
melvin checked out a book from the library because the title read " how to hug " . it turned out to be volume 7 of the encyclopedia .
you ' re pretty . . . pretty ugly ! you finally figured out how to screw in that lightbulb , but the power went out . you ' re smart . . . smart as a fencepost !
yo momma is so poor everytime someone rings the doorbell the toilet flushes
you ' re so stupid you thought " harass " was two words !
q : why did the blond quit his restroom attendant job ? a : he couldn ' t figure out how to refill the hand dryer !
if my dog ' s face looked like your face , i ' d shave his ass and make him walk backwards !
knock knock . who ' s there ? ike , anne , wyatt , tillie . ike , anne , wyatt , tillie who ? ike anne wyatt tillie ( i can ' t wait till ) it ' s three o ' clock !
what is it called when an insect kills themself ? pesticide !
knock knock . who ' s there ? dewey . dewey who ? dewey ( do we ) have to listen to all this knocking ?
knock knock . who ' s there ? justin . justin who ? justin town and thought i ' d say hello .
knock knock ? who ' s there ? water . water who ? water you doing ?
knock knock ? who ' s there ? oswald . oswald who ? oswald ( i swallowed ) my gum !
knock knock ? who ' s there ? kip . kip who ? kip your hands off me !
knock knock ? who ' s there ? howie . howie who ? howie gonna figure this out ?
once , a teacher was showing a child a picture of a firefighter taking a child out of a burning building . the teacher asked what that was . the child replied , " a pregnant firefighter . " instead of scolding him , she calmly asked , " do you know what pregnant means ? " the little boy just said , " yes , it means to be carrying a child . "
yo momma so dumb that she went to the movies and after they told her under 17 not permitted she went back and got 16 more friends .
you have a face like a baby , with a brain to match . * credited to my friend fqzeng .
your mama ' s so fat when she went to a hotel she asked for a water bed and they just covered up the pool with a blanket and said no divers .
the accountant ' s prayer : " lord , help me be more relaxed about insignificant details , starting tomorrow at 10 . 53 : 16 am , eastern daylight saving time . "
the accountant was visiting the museum of natural history and said to the person standing next to him , " that dinosaur is two billion years and ten months old . " " how did you get such exact information ? " " i was here ten months ago and the guide said the dinosaur was two billion years old . "
" somebody complimented on my driving today , " a blonde told her friend , " i found a note on my windshield that said ' parking fine ' . "
a gladiator was having a rough day at the arena - his opponent had sliced off both of his arms . nevertheless , he fought on , kicking and biting as furiously as he could . but when his opponent lopped off both feet , the gladiator had no choice but to give up . he was now both unarmed and defeated .
irvin is driving down the freeway to go to work when his cell phone rings . it ' s his wife : " irving , i just heard on the news that there ' s a car going down the freeway in the wrong direction . please try to be careful . " " it ' s true , " irving replies , " but not just one car - there are hundreds of them ! "
how many teachers does it take to change a lightbulb ? two , one to turn it the other to grade the person .
q : why do blondes drive vws ? a : because they can ' t spell porsche
after class ends a 1st grader goes up to his teacher and says , " i don ' t mean to scare you teacher but my parents said that if i keep getting bad grades , then . . . " " somebody ' s gonna get a spanking . " ( nodnod )
yo momma so skinny she can hula - hoop with a cheerio .
you know your day is bad if your twin sister forgot your birthday .
yo momma so dumb that when we told her it was a serial killer on the loose she went and locked all the boxes of cereal up in the cabinet .
how do you know if you ' re a redneck ? if you go to a cousin ' s wedding looking for a girlfriend .
yo momma so fat she went on a sea food diet - she see food and eat it .
knock - knock . who ' s there ? yo mama . yo mama who ? this is yo mama stop playing .
my friend ' s mom is so fat i was upstairs and when she fell i ran down screaming , " earthquake ! "
what ' s the difference between snow men and snow women ? snow balls ! ( ding dong kind )
yo momma so stupid she went to commit suicide and tried to jump out her basement window .
yo momma so fat she has her own area code .
what do you get when you mix cigarettes in hot water ? a soggy butt .
why are there so few amusement parks in japan ? because they aren ' t tall enough to ride them !
a man and his doctor are discussing a surgery the man will soon undergo . the doctor asks if there are any last questions . " doctor , will i be able to play my violin after this surgery ? " " of course ! why would you think you couldn ' t ? " " i couldn ' t play it before . "
knock knock . who ' s there ? sue . sue who ? i ' ll sue you if ya don ' t let me in !
one day the zoo - keeper noticed that the orangutan was reading two books : the bible and darwin ' s origin of species . surprised , he asked the ape , " why are you reading both those books ? " " well , " said the orangutan , " i just wanted to know if i was my brother ' s keeper or my keeper ' s brother . "
q : how can you tell if a blonde has stolen your bike ? a : she ' s running away with it under her arm .
this guy sits down at the bar , and starts telling the bartendar , " i ' ve been married for 12 years now and i want some variety . i ' m sick of the same old thing ! i want something different ! " the bartendar says , " 12 years thats a long time , you don ' t want to do anything stupid ! hell , if ya want something different just flip her over ! " the man replies , " what ? and have a houseful of kids ! "
an indian man made a painting with the sun above a beach . he proudly displayed his painting . when people marvel at his work and asked , " what ' s it called ? " he said , " sun of a beach . "
did you hear about the tree that made an ash of itself ?
yo momma so dumb , that when we told her it was chilly outside she ran out with a bowl and a spoon .
q : how do you serve food in space ? a : on flying saucers
q . why was moses the most wicked man ? a . he broke all 10 commandments at once . q . what animal could noah not trust ? a . the cheetah . q . what kind of lights did noah use on the ark ? a . flood lights .
exam question : define courage . student answer : this is .
two carrots are walking down the street one day when a car suddenly comes flying around the corner and runs one of them over . at the hospital , the doctor says to the other carrot , " i have good news and bad news . the good news is your friend is going to live . the bad news is he ' ll be a vegetable for the rest of his life . "
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? yoda ! yoda who ? yo - da door ' s stuck ! lemme in !
at weddings old people poke me and say , " you ' re next ! " at funerals , i do the same .
yo momma so fat , she used pillowcases for socks .
friend 1 : " yeh , you are looking too fat . " friend 2 : " you are looking too old . " friend 1 : " i am not old . " friend 2 : " then , i am not too fat . "
my grandfather always said , " don ' t watch your money ; watch your health . " so one day while i was watching my health , someone stole my money . it was my grandfather .
a man went to apply for a job . after filling out all of his applications , he waited anxiously for the outcome . the employer read all his applications and said , " we have an opening for people like you . " " oh , great , " he said , " what is it ? " " it ' s called the door ! "
if this is coffee , please bring me some tea . if this is tea , please bring me some coffee .
q . if you had three apples and four oranges in one hand and four apples and three oranges in the other hand , what would you have ? a . very large hands . q . how can you lift an elephant with one hand ? a . it is not a problem , since you will never find an elephant with one hand . q . how can a man go eight days without sleep ? a . no problems , he sleeps at night .
q . the bay of bengal is in which state ? a . liquid q . if you throw a red stone into the blue sea what it will become ? a . it will get wet or sink as simple as that . q . what looks like half of an apple ? a . the other half . q . what happened when the wheel was invented ? a . it caused a revolution .
one day our professor was discussing a particularly complicated concept . a pre - med student rudely interrupted to ask , " why do we have to learn this pointless information ? " " to save lives , " the professor responded quickly and continued the lecture . a few minutes later , the same student spoke up again . " so how does physics save lives ? " he persisted . " it keeps the ignoramuses like you out of medical school , " replied the professor .
teacher : joey , your behavior is terrible ! how many more times am i going to have to keep you in after school ? joey : 97 . teacher : 97 ? joey : yeah . that ' s how many days are left until the summer holidays .
what goes 99 - clump , 99 - clump , 99 - clump ? a centipede with a wooden leg .
knock knock . who ' s there ? swen . swen who ? swen are you going let me in ! ?
the closest you ' ve ever come to a brainstorm is a light drizzle !
what does a blond think the last 2 words of the national anthem are ? play ball !
a minister delivered a sermon in 10 minutes one sunday morning , which was about half the usual length of his sermons . he explained , " i regret to inform you that my dog , who is very fond of eating paper , ate that portion of my sermon which i was unable to deliver this morning . " after the service , a visitor from another church shook hands with the preacher and said , " reverend , if that dog of yours has any pups , i want to give one to my minister . "
what does hannibal lecter call britney spears ? dinner at hooters .
lady : is this my train ? station master : no , it belongs to the railway company . lady : don ' t try to be funny . i mean , can i take this train to kuala lumpur ? station master : no madam , i ' m afraid it ' s too heavy .
oh , what a shame . it looks like the ugly fairy kissed you on both cheeks .
what ' s the hardest part of skydiving ? the ground !
what do you get when you cross a porcupine with a shark ? far far away !
a mexican and an iraqi terrorist are in a car . who ' s driving ? answer : the police .
analogy of sex : insert the ' quarter ' into the ' vending machine ' and then the ' gumball ' comes out .
" what ' s wrong with you ? " you asked a very dumb guy that was taking your order at the newest resturant in town . " the doctor doesn ' t know yet , hehe ( snort ) . "
why did the chicken pox cross the road ? he was afraid if he stayed he would be spotted .
how do the kids of dentists get around the neighborhood ? on molar - skates
what movie is really the sequel to april fools ? the may - tricks
what ' s samurai jack ' s favorite fish ? swordfish
what monster was created on april 1 ? pranken - stien
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? frayed . frayed who ? frayed no one ' s going to answer the door .
the skeleton walked into the bar and asked , " can i have a beer and a mop ? "
what did tennessee ? what arkansas .
it was the little boy ' s first time on an airplane . he was so excited . when the airplane engines started , the little boy closed his eyes and counted to 100 . then he opened his eyes and peered outside . pointing , he said to the woman next to him , " see those tiny people down there ? they are just like ants ! " the woman looked at what he was pointing and remarked , " they are ants . we haven ' t left the ground yet . "
what kind of cheese is not yours ? nacho cheese
the number you have dialed is imaginary . please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again . "
q : what did the blonde say when she looked in the box of cheerios ? a : oh look , donut seeds !
an astronaut in space was asked by a reporter , " how do you feel ? " " how would you feel , " the astronout replied , " if you were stuck here , on top of 20 , 000 parts each one supplied by the lowest bidder ? "
yo momma ' s so ugly , when she went to the house of mirrors , it collapsed .
yo mommas so old her birth certificate says " expired "
how did burger king get dairy queen pregnant ? he forgot to wrap the " whopper " ! ! !
his wife had been killed in an accident and the police were questioning mr finnegan . " did she say anything before she died ? " asked the sergeant . " she spoke without interruption for about forty years , " said the irishman .
a blonde and her friend were tracing their names from stencils to cut out . when they ran out of room , the blonde turned the paper over and said , " hey , there ' s lots more room on this side ! "
what do you call a woodpecker without a beak ? a headbanger .
roses are red , violets are blue . yo momma is ugly , and she looks just like you .
man : haven ' t we been on a couple dates before ? woman : couldn ' t have been . i don ' t make the same mistake twice .
bob - we were learning about fractions today in math class . joe - oh , really ? what did you learn ? bob - one half of what i was supposed to !
what ' s the difference between mj and mr . potato head ? mj has more noses . how are mj and a wal - mart bag alike ? they ' re both plastic and hazardous to children .
what did the dick say to the condom ? cover me , i ' m goin in !
which comes first , ben - gay or preparation h ? ben - gay . after you have been gay , you ' ll need the preparation h .
q : what did the blonde say when she crossed the road ? a : hey ! how ' d i get over here ?
once upon a time in india , the bengal tiger was on the brink of extinction , due to a vigorous hunting season . so , prince naranjahah ordered that no one shall kill another bengal . well , this led to the over abundance in zoos and animal shelters , and one day , the tigers broke loose and started attacking the citizens . the citizens then revolted and overthrew the prince ' s rule . this is the first known instance of the reign being called on account of the game .
yo momma is like a brick . she ' s flat on all sides and gets laid all day .
recently , today tonight have held a survey . the results indicate that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population .
knock knock who ' s there ? ivanna ivanna who ? ivanna come in , dammit !
little johnny walked into a club where people were doing the macarena . he watched them for a while , and asked someone : " what are you guys doing ? searching for your wallets ? "
yo momma so fat that when she went out dressed in green she got arrested for driving a tank .
why did humpty dumpty go to the shrink ? cause he was half cracked .
a middle school student was working at a shop for his after - school job . he had on a dairy queen shirt . a kindergarten student walked up to him and said , " wow , i have 3 of those shirts ! you must be cheap ! "
a distraught patient phoned her doctor ' s office . " is it true , " the woman wanted to know , " that the medication you prescribed has to be taken for the rest of my life ? " " yes , i ' m afraid so , " the doctor told her . there was a moment of silence before the woman continued , " i ' m wondering , then , just how serious my condition is , because this prescription is marked ' no refills . ' "
how come people are willing to get up off their butts to search the whole room for the remote , because they refuse to get up and change channels manually ?
this is a joke song ok " i pledge allegiance to the flag , micheal jackson is a fag . he used to play with little toys , but now he plays with little boys . "
yo momma ' s so ugly , she looked at me and my eyes burned off .
q : why did the blonde have tire tracks on her back ? a : from crawling across the street when the sign said " don ' t walk "
i heard they were going to name a highway after willie nelson in texas . . . but be warned : when taking this highway look out for pot holes !
did you here about the new redneck barbie doll ? it comes with twelve kids , aids , and a welfare check .
one morning , during breakfast , i say , " i had the strangest dream . it was about aliens . " my mother asks , " what are aliens ? " my father asks , " what kind ? "
yo momma can be used as a weapon : she ' s so ugly , she ' ll blind house robbers !
why did the chicken cross the road ? to get away from kfc
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? broken tape recorder , broken tape recorder who ? broken tape recorder , broken tape recorder , broken tape recorder , broken tape recorder , broken tape recorder . . .
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? pencil . pencil who ? pencil fall down if you don ' t wear a belt .
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? chugga chugga chooch chugga chugga chooch who ? wheeee ! ! a train ! all aboard !
yo momma ' s feet are so ashy she leaves white footprints . yo momma ' s house is so nasty the roaches moved out . yo momma ' s hair is so short it ' s ingrown . i would stay and chat , but yo momma ' s water bowl is empty .
a wise man once said . i don ' t know ask a girl ! a wise man once said . life sucks and then we die .
i didn ' t lose my mind ! i sold it on ebay . . .
for all of you who say i need anger management . . . just to let you know , if i could control my anger , i ' d destroy you with it !
this was seen on a bulletin board at a grocery store : " i have kidnapped myself . please give me $ 2 , 000 , 000 and 5 tacos or you will never see me again . " and a different one : " i ' m missing , so i have gone to look for myself . if i come back here before i do , please keep me safe here until i return . thanks ! "
we and you is friends . you smile , we smile . . . . . you hurt , we hurt . . . . you cry , we cry . . . you jump off a bridge . . . we gonna miss you !
little tommy ran to his dad and said " daddy , daddy ! watch me count . " tommy holds up his right hand , and , touching each finger , counts to five . " one , two , three , four , five . " " good ! " his dad exclaimed . " can you count higher ? " tommy pauses to think for a minute , then stretches his hand higher up in the air , past his head . " one , two , three , four , five . . . "
could you fax me your photo very very urgently ? mind you it ' s really very very urgent , damn serious and very important . . . . . i ' m playing cards and we ' ve misplaced the joker .
dear dr . ruth , i ' m writing to tell you my problem . it seems i have been married to a sex maniac for the past 22 years . he makes love to me regardless of what i am doing . ironing , washing dishes , etc . i should like to know if there is anything thet yiu vwn fi gue hduuen jsy jjeh jduue jheyhdu judgge jji jjie . njdsfhu
please don ' t smoke in my office ! i enjoy sex more than you enjoy smoking but you don ' t see me screwing in your office .
what she says : any ring is fine , as long as i have you . what she ' s thinking : no diamond ? how cheap ! i ' ll make his life a living hell ! i ' ll put poison in his coffee ! i ' ll cut his brake lines ! get her a diamond , idiot ! !
i have the typical observant wife . one evening after dinner , she handed me a bottle of that rogaine hair restorer . i told her while i was indeed starting to thin out some , i didn ' t really think i needed hair restorer yet . she said , " oh . it ' s not for you , it ' s for your secretary , she seems to be losing quite a bit of her hair on your jacket . "
dear brother , i smile because you are my brother . i laugh because there is absolutely nothing you can do about it !
batman once wrote on the wall , " superman is a wimp . " the next day , superman wrote " batman is bruce wayne . "
announcer , at a diving competition : " ladies and gentlemen , we have both good and bad news to announce . the good news is that the dive just performed was fantastic and the judges have managed to give it a full score of ten . the bad news is . . . there was no water in the pool . "
why did the penny become angry with the nickel ? because the nickel was a " penny pincher " .
what did one tradesman say to another ? i hope you have a " barter " day tomorrow .
a mother and a her daughter go to a restaurant for breakfast to celebrate her birthday . the restaurant is known for its imported cheeses . the mother asks , " would you like some cheese , my angel ? " the little girl says , " sure , but can you take out the holes in the cheese ? "
a famous blonde actress and her husband are going to meet an american . however , her husband has forgotten the young man ' s name . later , the young man asks for an autograph . she asks , trying to find his name out , " how do you spell your name ? " upon hearing this , he said , " b - e - n a long time ago when i saw your first play on broadway and got an autograph , you knew how to spell it . "
knock knock . who ' s there ? no one . no one who ? no one to tell you who ' s here !
why did the blonde bury her walkman ? because the batteries were dead .
how does a stereotypical blonde spell " farm " ? e - i - e - i - o
to be happy with a man , you must understand him a lot and love him a little . to be happy with a woman , you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all .
what ' s the difference between a mexican and a bench ? a bench can support a whole family .
girl , " oh , superman i love you so much ! " superman , " i don ' t blame you . "
cat 1 - so how ' d that milk drinking contest go ? cat 2 - oh , i won by six laps .
little johnny : hey dad , are bugs good to eat ? dad : son , let ' s not talk about that at the dinner table , okay ? little johnny and his dad were talking after dinner . . . dad : so what did you want to say about bugs ? little johnny : oh , nothing . there was one in your soup , but it ' s gone now !
bob : hey , i ran into george the other day . joe : oh , really ? was he happy to see you ? bob : well , we were in our cars at the time . . .
yo momma is so fat that when she put on a yellow jacket kids tried to get on it to go to school because they thought it was a bus .
a rancher walked up to the window at the post office , where a new clerk was sorting mail . " any mail for mike howe ? " the rancher asked . the clerk ignored him and the rancher repeated his question in a louder voice . without looking up , the clerk said , " no , none for your cow and none for your horse , either . "
with all the sadness and trauma going on in the world at the moment , it is worth reflecting on the death of a very important person which almost went unnoticed last week . larry la prise , the man who wrote " the hokey pokey " , died peacefully at age 93 . the most traumatic part for his family was getting him into the coffin . they put his left leg in - then the trouble started .
a 14 - year old boy was helping his mom wash the dishes after dinner on a beautiful day . he says , " mom , can i go outside ? i want to play football . " his mom says , " ok , but on one condition : you let your little brother play with you and your friends . " the teenager replied with , " but mom , we already tried that . this time i want to play with a real football ! "
a man and his wife were arguing when the man commented smugly , " you know , women talk so much ! they talk twice as much as man do ! " the wife thought for a while and said , " the reason women talk so much is because they have to repeat everything they say . " the man frowned . then he said , " what ? "
if a man speaks in the middle of the forest and no women are around to hear him , is he still wrong ?
some common phrases that bees should know : are you are hipbee ? how comb ? hive already finished .
a new jewelry store was opening for the first time . on the front of the store , there was a sign that said " popular prices " . a man looked at the sign and walked right in . he asked the employee at the desk , " how much for that pearl necklace ? " " 14 , 000 dollars . " " what ? how are those popular prices ? " the employee replied meekly , " we like ' em . "
you might be a redneck if you list your dog or cat as a dependent on your taxes . you might be a redneck if you have never been on a main road . you might be a redneck if you drive a minivan to the prom . you might be a redneck if the most expensive jewelery you have came from dollar general .
you have more than three first names . you drove a monster truck to the prom . you are marrying your brother - in - law . you go out , get drunk , and come home with a tatoo of your momma ' s name . your last name is your first name spelled backwards you are readiing these jokes ! ! !
stupidity is not a crime . . . so you ' re free to go !
you ' re so old your social security number is 1 !
i may be schizophrenic , but at least i have each other
you were so ugly as a baby , your incubator was tinted .
a mom was wanting to get her boobs enlarged . unfortunately for her , she didn ' t have enough money to get it done . in fact , she had exactly half the money needed . she was telling her son , little benny , " honey , mommy really wants to get a boob job . but mommy has only half the money . " she hung her head , and her son said puzzled , " well why can ' t mommy just pick one ? "
my family has no traditions . we just do the same thing , over and over again , each year .
knock - knock ? who ' s there ? estelle . estelle who ? estelle am waiting for you to open this door !
lady to beggar - why don ' t you get a job ? beggar - actually , i ' m an author . i once wrote a book entitled " one hundred ways to make money . " lady - well then why are you begging ? beggar - it ' s one of my ways . . .
" so what ' s your dog ' s name ? " " i don ' t know . he won ' t tell me . "
one fine day in the middle of the night , two dead men got up to fight , back to back they faced each other , drew their swords and shot each other , a paralyzed donkey passing by , kicked a blind man in the eye , knocked him through a nine - inch wall into a dry ditch and drowned them all .
patient : " doctor can you help me ? it ' s my hearing . i can ' t even hear myself cough . " doctor : " okay , have this prescription filled . " patient : " oh , will it improve my hearing ? " doctor : " no , but it will help you cough better . "
forest warden : " which of you saw this rare tree get cut down ? camper : " only the chain saw . "
here are some books that should never be written : workaholism , by anita dayoff never say goodbye , by c . u . latta crowd control , by general panic amazing facts , by g . willikers the last supper , by m . t . potts fast food , by eaton run the bee hive , by i . ben stung turn off the light , by les watts cattle ranching , by brandon d . bull bullfighting mistakes , by gordon bluddy
customer : " look at that watch you sold me . it broke . you told me it would last a lifetime . " clerk : " yeah , well you looked pretty sick the day you bought it . "
judge : " the court can produce a dozen witnesses who saw you rob the bank . " robber : " big deal ! i can bring in hundreds of people who didn ' t see it ! "
doctor : " do you smoke or drink ? " patient : " i didn ' t know i had a choice . "
piano player : " do you think i have a gift for playing ? " listener : " no , but i ' ll give you one for stopping ! "
yo momma so short that when she sat on the curb her legs swing
rising gas prices have caused the following event : the wife comes home and says , " it ' s been a tough week . i want you to take me someplace expensive tonight . " the husband promptly takes her to the nearest gas station .
mom ( reprimandingly ) : julia ! how many times must i tell you not to pull the cat ' s tail ? julia ( innocently ) : but mom , i ' m only holding the tail . it ' s the cat that ' s doing the pulling .
little mikey ' s parents were going out , and mikey said , " for 20 bucks , dad , i ' ll be good . " " oh please , " said his father . " when i was your age , i was good for nothing . "
" what ' s the difference between ignorance and apathy ? " " i don ' t know ; and i couldn ' t care less . "
a man with two left feet walked into a shoe store and asked , " do you have any flip - flips ? "
a dumb blonde , smart blonde , santa clause , and the tooth fairy are walking on the sidewalk together . one of them steps on a five dollar bill . who picks it up ? answer no one ! ! three of them don ' t exist and the dumb blonde thought it was a gum wrapper .
a teacher asked her class , " what do you want out of life ? " a little girl in the back row raised her hand and said , " all i want out of life is four little animals . " the teacher asked , " really and what four little animals would that be sugar ? " the little girl said , " a mink on my back , a jaguar in the garage , a tiger in the bed , and a jackass to pay for all of it . " the teacher fainted .
an attorney telephoned the governor just after midnight , insisting that he talk to him regarding a matter of utmost urgency . an aide eventually agreed to wake up the governor . " so , what is it ? " grumbled the governor . " judge garber has just died , " said the attorney , " and i want to take his place . " the governor replied : " well , it ' s ok with me if it ' s ok with the undertaker . "
knock - knock who ' s there ? i ' m a pile up . i ' m a pile up who ? yes , you are a pile of poo !
bob - it ' s friday the 13th . do you have any superstitions ? george - i think it ' s unlucky to have superstitions .
q : why do black people have white hands ? a : everyone has a little good in them
q : what do you call it , when a bison gets a loan ? a : a buffa - loan !
daddy : get the nuts son bobby : yes dad daddy : ouch !
diner : i can ' t eat such a rotten chicken . call the manager ! waiter : it ' s no use . he won ' t eat it either .
a man was searching the dictionary for the word ' dictionary ' . he found this meaning : dictionary is the thing you are holding , stupid . wondering what the definition of stupid was , he searched for the word stupid , he found : is that you again ?
q : how many ibm engineers does it take to change a light bulb ? a : none . they merely change the standard to darkness and upgrade the customers .
why did the book have to go to the hospital ? because it injured its spine .
eminem / m & m : i don ' t like the rapper , but i like the candy inside the wrapper .
1 . you know you ' re a redneck when you go out with your girlfriend and you don ' t realize she has her other boyfriend with her . 2 . you know you ' re a redneck when you use a barstool as a walker . 3 . you know you ' re a redneck when your mowing your lawn and you find a car . 4 . you know you ' re a redneck when you fall asleep with one hand down your pants and a beer in the other hand .
this little boy asked his mother one day why his father had no hair . his mother replied , " well dear , that ' s because he thinks alot . " having prided herself with coming up with such a wonderful answer she heard her son say , " gee mommy i ' m sure glad you don ' t think ' cause you ' d look funny with no hair ! "
you know you ' re a redneck when your brand new tv is sitting on your old ones .
it ' s only funny until someone gets hurt . . . then it ' s hilarious !
yo mammas breath so nasty that when she burps her teeth have to duck
the master , to impress on his pupils the need of thinking before speaking , told them to count to fifty before saying anything important , and to one hundred if it was very important . the next day he was speaking , standing with his back to the fire , when he noticed several lips moving rapidly . suddenly the whole class shouted : " ninety - eight , ninety - nine , a hundred . your coat is on fire , sir ! "
i went into your house , took a booger off the wall and yo mamma told me not to touch the family portrait .
your mom is so stupid she tried to wake up a sleeping bag .
yo mama ' s so ugly , when she walks down the street in september , people say , " damn ! is it halloween already ? "
what did the clock say to the wristwatch ? " i enjoyed tocking with you , but now you ' re starting to tick me off . "
vegetable : " hey , lets get married . " fruit : " i ' m sorry . " vegetable : " we could secretly get married . " fruit : " no , we couldn ' t . " vegetable : " why ? " fruit : " because we can ' t elope . " can ' t elope = cantelope
do you know what style of shoes a frog loves most ? open toad !
two peanuts walk into a bar , and one was a salted .
a blonde ' s son was playing catch with his friend . the blonde was working in the yard , planting flowers and such . her son was throwing the baseball back and forth with his friend when he suddenly smiled . he threw the baseball straight at his blonde mom , and yelled , " think fast ! ! ! " so the blonde said silently to herself , " fast , fast , fast , fast . . . " the blonde got herself hit right plop in the head .
your momma ' s teeth are so yellow that when she smiles people slow down !
don ' t drink and drive , you ' ll spill your beer .
women are like beer . they look good , smell good , taste good , and feel good . but after a while you gotta have another beer !
yo momma so stupid , she got stabbed in a shoot - out .
yo momma so poor , she wore her mcdonalds uniform to church .
what kind of monkey eats chips ? a chipmunk !
this is a list of the worst names to have dick hurtz hary paratesticles mike hunt mike rotch anitta manwhore anitta johnson fuk yao ike anblow peter pecker i . c . weiner i . p . freely seimore butts bo oobless dick less issac less tits mcgee ( ok , that was off anchorman ) ima hornibusterd ima uglibech ima dick
" doctor , doctor ! my friend has only 59 seconds to live . " " don ' t worry , i ' ll be there in a minute . "
i work at bed , bath and beyond in the ' beyond ' dept .
if to give a man a fish , he eats for a day , but if you teach a man to fish . . . he has to buy a license , poles , bait , and sit on his behind for four hours .
q . how many add kids does it take to change a light bulb ? a . hey , let ' s go ride bikes !
there are 10 kinds of people in the world . those who can do binary and those who can ' t .
how much does it cost for a pirate to get his ears pierced ? a buck an ear .
do bald men wash their head with soap or shampoo ?
ok , let ' s consider the physical evidence . the moon is moving away at a tiny , although measurable distance from the earth every year . do the math and you will clearly see that 85 million years ago it was orbiting the earth at a distance of about 35 feet from the earth ' s surface . this would explain the death of the dinosaurs ; the tallest ones , anyway
there where two snakes talking . the 1st one said , " sidney , are we the type of snake who wrap ourselves around our prey and squeeze and crush until they ' re dead ? or are we the type of snake who ambush our prey and bite them and they are poisioned ? " the second snake says , " why do you ask ? " the 1st one replies : " i just bit my lip ! "
yo momma so small , she held up a sign that said " don ' t spit , i can ' t swim . "
if your dog farts and you claim it . . . you might be a redneck .
a man had parked his car in the supermarket parking lot and was walking past an empty cart , when he heard a female voice say , " mister , are you using that cart ? " " no , " he answered . . . " i ' m only after one thing . " as he walked away he heard her murmur , " typical male . "
emerging from the chiropractor ' s treatment room , a young man said aloud , " i feel like a new man ! " " i do , too , " a middle - aged woman responded , " but i ' ll probably go home with the same old one . "
yo momma so fat she doesnt have dreams . . . she has motion pictures !
two guys were at the gym . bob asked ben , " how did the date go with my sister ? " bob replied , " i didn ' t know your sister was famous . when i took her to the opera , and when it was over no one would leave until she stood up and sang . "
q : how did the blonde die drinking milk ? a : the cow fell on her .
q : what do peroxide blondes and black men have in common ? a : they both have black roots .
q : what do you call it when a blonde dyes their hair brunette ? a : artificial intelligence .
yo mama ' s so funky , they closed the beaches for a week after she drained her bath water .
yo mama ' s so poor she can ' t even pay attention .
if the most common phrase in your house is " somebody go jiggle the handle ! " . . . you might be a redneck .
what is more peculiar than watching a catfish ? watching a goldfish bowl .
a gang of robbers broke into a lawyer ' s club by mistake . the old legal lions gave them a fight for their life and their money . the gang was very happy to escape . " it ain ' t so bad , " one crook noted . " we got $ 50 between us . " the boss screamed : " i warned you to stay clear of lawyers . . . . we had $ 100 when we broke in ! "
why did the banana go to the doctors ? because it wasn ' t peeling well
what do elephants always bring on holiday ? a trunk .
why is a football pitch so cold ? because of all the fans
what are martians favorite sweets ? mars - mallows .
what do you give a sick pig ? oinkment .
which fish is the most valuable in the sea ? a goldfish .
what type of saw cuts the sea ? a see - saw .
what is the noisiest part of a tree ? its bark .
ever been to kfc ? ever notice that sometimes their toilets do not provide toilet rolls ? reason being that they uphold their motto : " it ' s finger licking good ! "
a woman and her goose walked into a bar . the bartender asked , " why ' d you bring the pig in the bar ? " the woman answered , " i do believe this is a goose ! " the bartender says , " i was talking to the goose ! "
what do you get when you cross a chicken with a monkey ? george w . bush
what ' s grosser than gross ? when you find a used tampon in your ketchup bottle .
what ' s grosser than gross ? when you ' re eating a bowl of rice crispies and one gets up and slithers away .
my mouth has turned into a flower bed . it has tulips .
at the police station , bubba explained to the police officer why his cousins shot him . " well , " bubba began , " we wuz havin ' a good time drinking , when my cousin ray picked up his shotgun and said , ' hey , der ya fellows wanna go huntin ' ? ' " " and then what happened ? " the officer interrupted . " from what i remember , " bubba said , " i stood up and said , ' sure , i ' m game . ' "
a man walks into a doctor ' s office . he says , " doctor , doctor , you ' ve got to help me ! my elbow keeps coming untied . . . my belly button is out of order . . . i can ' t open my chest . . . i ' m losing the leaves in my palm . . . somebody threw my waist in the trash . . . and my foot is only eleven inches ! "
what ' s the difference between a man and a condom ? condoms have changed . they ' re no longer thick and insensitive .
what ' s a man ' s ultimate embarrassment ? having an erection , walking into a wall , and hurting his nose .
what kind of sign does a prostitute hang on her door when she goes on vacation ? " go screw yourself ! "
q . what ' s six inches long , two inches wide , and drives women wild ? a . money .
always be smarter than the inanimate object that you ' re working with .
a man said to his golfing friend , " i hit two of my best balls yesterday ! " " oh yeah ? " " yeah , i stepped on a rake in the bunker . "
what are the first 4 words in the mexican national anthem ? " attention all k - mart shoppers "
q : why did the turtle cross the road ? a : to get to the shell gas station !
what do you call a spanish man with a rubber toe ? answer : roberto .
a biker walks into a yuppie bar and shouts , " all lawyers are assholes ! " he looks around , obviously hoping for a challenge . finally a guy comes up to him , taps him on the shoulder , and says , " take that back . " the biker says , " why ? are you a lawyer ? " " no , i ' m an asshole . "
ever wonder why bottled water costs so much when there is so much of it ? spell " evian " backwards . . . . .
there are 3 religious truths : jews do not recognize jesus as the messiah protestants do not recognize the pope as the leader of the christian faith baptists do not recognize each other in the liquor store or at hooters
ok , if the jacksonville jaguars are known as the jags , and the tampa bay buccaneers known as bucs , what does that make the tennessee titans ?
two friends were talking . the first one said to the other , " hey , have you seen the movie , " constipated " yet ? " the other replied , " of course not ! it hasn ' t come out yet . "
students . . . take note : knowledge is power . . . but power corrupts . . . and corruption is a crime . . . and crime doesn ' t pay . . . so if you keep on studying you ' ll go broke !
two alabama state trooper patrol cars were in hot pursuit of a camaro heading east towards georgia on i - 90 . when the suspect crossed the georgia line , the first trooper pulled over immediately . the rookie trooper pulled over right behind him and asked , " sarge , why ' d you stop ? " " you dumb rookie , " replied the sarge . " he ' s in georgia now . they ' re an hour ahead of us , so we ' ll never catch him . "
after every line i type , say out loud to yourself , hairy pickle there once was a guy named he lived in a town called nobody did like so they hung him buy his
yo momma so stupid , she thought that tiger woods was a place that was dangerous .
what do you call the best fishermen in the state ? master baiters
yo momma so stupid , she tried to cut through a safe with a laser tag gun !
in any organization there is one person who knows what is going on . that person must be fired .
the law of drunkenness - you can ' t fall off the floor .
nothing is impossible for the man who doesn ' t have to do it himself .
creativity is great , but plagiarism is faster .
i didn ' t lose my mind , i just let it wander and it never came back . i miss it so much .
yo momma ' s so fat she tried on orion ' s belt .
i was soooo ugly when i was born that my mum got morning sickness after i was born . the doctor came in to the waiting room after i was born and told my dad , " we did everything we could , but he pulled through . " i ' ve never been able to understand why my bath toys were a radio and a toaster . and when i play in the sandpit , the cat always covers me up .
14 things pms stands for pass my shotgun psychotic mood shift perpetual munching spree puffy mid - section people make me sick provide me with sweets pardon my sobbing pimples may surface pass my sweatpants pissy mood syndrome plainly ; men suck pack my stuff permanent menstrual syndrome
q : what ' s the difference between a blond and a toothbrush ? a : you don ' t lend a toothbrush to your best friend .
what was the female math book that lived underwater wearing ? an algae - bra
q : why did the boy wear a diaper to the party ? a : he didn ' t want to be a party pooper .
q : what do you do when your nose goes on strike ? a : pick it .
friend : you don ' t look so good , what ' s wrong ? harry : i got domestic trouble . friend : but harry you always said your wife was a pearl . harry : yeah its the mother of pearl that ' s the problem .
q : how do you recognize a blonde in school ? a : they are the only ones who erase their notebook when the teacher erases the board .
q : what does a blonde do when it gets cold ? a : sits around a candle q : what does she do when it gets really cold ? a : lights it
a young lady came home from a date looking rather sad . she told her mother , " arthur proposed to me an hour ago . " " then why are you so sad ? " her mother asked . " because he also told me he was an atheist . mom , he doesn ' t even believe there ' s a hell . " her mother replied , " marry him anyway . between the two of us , we ' ll show him how wrong he is . "
a redneck taped toilet paper to his television . he said , " hey , lookie here , now we have free paper view ! "
q : why did the ant fall off the toilet bowl ? a : he got pissed off .
a young husband with an inferiority complex insisted he was just a little pebble on the beach . the marriage counselor told him , " if you wish to save your marriage , you ' d better be a little boulder . "
q : what ' s weirder than a talking dog ? a : a spelling bee !
knock - knock . who ' s there ? cargo . cargo who ? car go " beep , beep ! "
according to the news , michael jackson is broke and can ' t even afford the payroll at neverland ranch . so the next time you see michael with his hands in a 12 - year - old ' s pocket , he might just be looking for lunch money
" live in a way such that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip . " - - will rogers , humorist
you ' re so broke , your bologna doesn ' t have a first name .
kock - knock . who ' s there ? please . please who ? it ' s the police ! open the door !
yo momma ' s so fat , when she goes to get the mail it measures on the richter scale .
remember - there ' s a light at the end of every tunnel . . . just hope it ' s not a train !
what ' s the difference between boogers and broccoli ? kids don ' t eat broccoli .
i wish my name was gary boone ! do you wanna know why ? because , then , my name could be goon . . . you see , because you take the " g " from gary and the " oone " from boone to get goon ! but , you know , that ' s not the worst nickname . the person that does have the worst nickname is my friend , phil hart . i can ' t even tell you what we call him . . .
teacher : " johnny , what is the outside of a tree called ? " johnny : " i don ' t know . " teacher : " bark , johnny , bark . " johnny : " bow , wow , wow ! "
jack and jill went up the hill to smoke some marajiuana , jack got high and unzipped his fly and jill said i don ' t wanna .
recently a family court judge was interviewing a 15 yr . old boy , asking him which parent he wanted to live with , his mother or father ? the kid said he didn ' t want to live with either one - - that both of them beat him all the time . the kid said he wanted to live with the dallas cowboys - - they never beat anybody !
one drunk to another : " have you ever been so drunk you ' d kiss a woman ' s stomach ? " second drunk : " i ' ve been drunker than that ! "
a black female is having trouble with her menses . she goes to the gynecologist and he asks : " mrs . williams , what kind of flow do you have ? " " linoleum " she replies .
what ' s the difference between a prostitute , your mistress and your wife ? the prostitute says , " are you done yet ? " your mistress says , " you ' re not done yet ! " and your wife says , " beige , i think we ought to paint the ceiling beige . "
indian chief addressing the tribe says : " i ' ve got good news an bad news . the bad news is 5000 college students just moved next door to the reservation . . . good news is , they taste like buffalo . "
what ' s the difference between a " fox " and a " dog ? " about 6 drinks .
it ' s impossible to be a participant in the march of time and not get a few blisters .
there was a girl named rachel . she had a cat named love . one day , rachel was taking a shower . when she got out , she yelled for her cat , love , but saw that the cat had escaped . she was still in her towel but she walked outside anyways . a cop pulled around the corner and said , " excuse me , miss . what are you doing out here ? " rachel replied , " looking for love ! ! ! "
nobody can breathe out of their nose and mouth at the same time . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * you know , 95% of the people who read this try to do it . . . well , it ' s impossible ! ! ! duh ! ! ! ! ( lol )
* types password * - penis ~ we ' re sorry , the password you have entered isn ' t long enough .
yo momma ' s so fat that when she stepped on an air - plane she got arrested for 800 pounds of crack .
you are stuck in a foxhole with a cobra , saddam hussein , a lawyer , and only two bullets in your gun . what do you do ? shoot the lawyer twice .
husband and wife are doing the spring house cleaning . wife asks husband to hang some new curtain rods , but he can ' t do it without toggle bolts . he sends her to the hardware store where she asks the man behind the counter for two toggle bolts . he puts them on the counter , then asks , " you wanna screw for these ? " " no , " she replies , " but i ' ll blow you for the clock radio on the shelf . "
what does a blonde do when her computer freezes ? she sticks it in the microwave .
what is helen keller ' s favorite color ? corduroy .
politics - a strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles . the conduct of public affairs for private advantage
why is there an l in noel ?
when you put ' the ' and ' irs ' together , it ' s an anagram of ' theirs ' . coincidence ? i think not !
one morning a husband took a pair of underwear out of the drawer . " what the . . . ? , " he said to himself as a little blue dust cloud appeared when he shook them out . " april ! " he hollered into the bathroom , " why did you put talcum powder in my underwear ? " she shot back , " it ' s not talcum powder . it ' s ' miracle grow ' . "
this is not supposed to be funny . i want to make a public apology for the temper tantrum i threw earlier today . i still don ' t get it but i am sorry for blaming everyone else for my problems . ac3p1l07 p . s . please vote this as funny so more people will see it .
yo mama ' s so skinny , when she wears striped pj ' s there ' s only 2 stripes .
a blonde , a brunette , and a red head were swimming the breast stroke in a race . the blonde comes in last and says " not to be a sore loser or anything , but i think the other girls were using their hands . " .
the girl knelt in the confessional and said , " bless me , father , for i have sinned . " " what is it , child ? " " father , i have committed the sin of vanity . twice a day i gaze at myself in the mirror and tell myself how beautiful i am . " the priest turned , took a good look at the girl and said , " my dear , i have good news . that isn ' t a sin - it ' s only a mistake . "
did you hear about the inexperienced terrorist who tried to blow up a bus ? he burnt his mouth on the exhaust pipe .
q : what is the difference between a leech and a lawyer ? a : the leech stops sucking you dry after you ' re dead .
your momma ' s butt is so big when she sits down she ' s three feet taller .
goldie , a middle aged jewish woman goes to see a fortune - teller . " two men are madly in love with me ! " goldie says . " who will be the lucky one ? " the swami answers . . . . " morris will marry you , and irving will be the lucky one . "
your momma so white and ugly michael jackson took one glance and thought he was looking into a mirror !
what was the witches favorite subject in school ? spelling
knock - knock who ' s there ? apricot . apricot who ? apricot my key , open up !
q : why are cats similar to sentences ? a : a cat has claws at the end of its paws ; a sentence has pause at the end of its clause .
" an abstract noun , " the teacher said , " is something you can think of , but you can ' t touch it . can you give me an example of one ? " " sure , " a teenage boy replied . " my father ' s new car . "
mary had a little lamb , and a little pony too , she put the pony in a field , and the lamb into a stew ! !
his death won ' t be listed under " obituaries , " it will be under " neighborhood improvements . "
1st woman : i took my son to the zoo yesterday . 2nd woman : did they accept him ?
teacher : recite your tables to me , joan . joan : dining table , kitchen table , bedside table . . .
1st man : my son was born on saint david ' s day , so i called him david . 2nd man : my son was born on saint patrick ' s day , so i called him patrick . 3rd man : well , my son was born on shrove tuesday , so i called him pancakes .
bill clinton , george bush , and ronald reagan are in a boat in the potomac , when suddenly the boat develops a leak . they have only one life preserver jacket . bill says : " let ' s do the democratic thing . take a vote to see who gets the life preserver . " they each write a name on a piece of paper and stuff it in a coffee can . bush and reagan get one vote each ; clinton gets six .
did you hear that in response to president bill clinton ' s habit of dropping in on the local mcdonalds , the mcdonald ' s national management has announced a commemorative double cheeseburger , the mcclinton ? of course , when you get it , the price has doubled , you never get the fries you were originally promised , and it ' s got half the meat .
bill and hillary were going down a back road and stopped at a gas station . as the worker was filling up their car , he said to hillary , " i went to high school with you " . she recognized him and agreed with him . later , as they were driving down the road , bill said , " if you had married him you wouldn ' t be married to the president . " hillary said , " oh yes , i would - he would be president . "
a man was watching television when there was a knock on the door . he answered it , but only a snail was there . so he picked it up and threw it into the street . two years later , the man heard another knock on the door . he opened the door and it was the snail again . the snail says , " what was that all about ? "
pope john paul ii gets to heaven . st . peter says , " frankly , you ' re lucky to be here . " the pope says , " why ? what did i do wrong on earth ? " st . peter says , " god was very angry with your stance on women becoming priests . " the pope says , " he ' s mad about that ? " st . peter says , " she ' s furious . "
if it weren ' t for electricity , we ' d all be watching television by candlelight . - george gobel
yo momma so dumb , she was killed in a pie eating contest when the cow sat on her !
a dog went to a telegram office , took out a blank form and wrote : " woof . woof . woof . woof . woof . woof . woof . woof . woof . " the clerk examined the paper and politely told the dog : " there are only nine words here . you could send another ' woof ' for the same price . " the dog replied , " but that would make no sense at all . "
q : what do you have when there are 100 rabbits standing in a row and they all start hopping backwards ? a : receding hare line .
reporters asked dan quayle what he thought of roe v . wade ? his response : " two alternate ways to cross the potomac . "
what does the " o " and the " n " stand for in ' clemson ' ? the " o " is for honor , and the " n " for knowledge .
ever hear about the polish athlete who won a gold medal ? he had it bronzed .
a 6 year old was in a car with her parents . she kept having sneezing fits , and she kept splattering snot all over the seats . eventually , the mum and dad gave up on trying to stop the sneezing , and told the little girl to put her hands up when she sneezed . the little girl did so , raising her hands above her head , and sneezed on the mum ' s face ! !
texan : " where are you from ? " harvard graduate : " i come from a place where we do not end our sentences with prepositions . " texan : " ok , where are you from , jackass ? "
two weasels are sitting on a bar stool . one starts to insult the other one . he screams , " i slept with your mother ! " the bar gets quiet as everyone listens to see what the other weasel will do . the first again yells , " i slept with your mother ! " the other says , " go home dad you ' re drunk . "
a man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says : " a beer please , and one for the road . "
knock - knock . who ' s there ? tank . tank who ? you ' re welcome !
what did the tornado say to the pecan tree ? " hold onto your nuts , this is not your average blow job ! " what has four hands and eats aunts ? two uncles . what do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey ? usually an onion with long ears , but sometime you get a piece of ass that will make your eyes water .
what ' s a jewish dilemma ? a free ham sandwich .
three men are fishing . one catches a magic fish that will grant each one a wish if they let him go . the first one wishes he could double his iq . it is done . the second one wishes to triple his iq . it is done . the last one ( who is an idiot ) wishes to multiply his iq by a 1 / 2 . the fish asks if he is sure ; the man nods . when the fish grants his wish , he turns into a blond .
actual bumper sticker on a jeep ( the writing was upside down ) . " if you can read this , flip me over ! "
what has wheels and flies ? answer : garbage truck
you don ' t have to go faster than the bear , you just have to go faster than the slowest guy running from the bear .
q . what are the strongest days of the week ? a . saturday and sunday , because all the rest are week days .
yo momma is so poor , i saw her walking down the street with one shoe , and i said , " hey , you lost a shoe . " and she said , " no , i found one . "
yo momma is so stupid when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put " okay ! "
1 ) umm . . . 2 ) well . . . 3 ) hmmm , er . . . 4 )
a man and his love had a terrible spat : she scratched his face and he knocked her flat ; she spat at him and he threw her around ; she jumped from behind and he fell to the ground . how sad to see such trouble as that . . . between a man and his household cat !
yo momma so ugly her reflection quit . yo momma so old that when i slapped her back her boobs fell off . yo momma so fat when she stepped in the deepest part of the ocean , she got her foot wet . yo momma so old and fat , she told us about the story of how she farted and killed all the dinosaurs .
q : what did the little chick say when his mom laid an orange ? a : look at the orange - mama - lade !
aaaaa
a neutron walks into a bar and asks , " how much for a drink ? " . the bartender replies , " for you , no charge " .
one day a father and his daughter were driving down the street when the father said , " look ! a bunny . can you say bunny , bu - nny ? " " bunny ! " the daughter replied . they suddenly felt the car go over a bump . then the girl said , " daddy , its not a bunny anymore . " " what is it then ? " he asked . the daughter replied , " can you say roadkill , road - kill ? "
a policeman was on duty when he got a complaint , so he went to go check it out . the complaint was that a sport car had not moved from a corner and was holding up traffic . when he got there , he went to the car and asked the blonde lady in it why she was holding up traffic and not going . she responded well the sign told me to stop but it doesn ' t want to let me go .
what ' did the bra say to the hat ? you go on ahead , i ' ll give these two a lift .
yo momma so stupid , she looked in the cd player for her cassette tape !
i went to a seafood disco last week and pulled a mussel .
if you want to make someone laugh , use this line : sorry . say that again . i couldn ' t hear you over my fart .
how do you know adam wasnt black ? have you ever tried to take a rib away from a black man ? how do you know when mexicans are illegal ? when you scream " la migra " , and everybody is gone in less than a minute . how do you know when a white guy ' s family is really white ? when he tries to be black or mexican .
why did the coach go to the bank ? to get his quarter back !
q : what does donald trump say before he lights off a fire work ? a : you ` re fired !
during a recent vacation in atlantic city , a couple went to see a popular magic show . after one especially amazing feat , a woman from the back of the theater yelled out , " hey , how ' d you do that ? " " i could tell you , madam , " the magician answered , " but then i ' d have to kill you . " after a short pause , she yelled back , " ok , then . . . just tell my husband ! "
yo mamma so fat that her nickname is you gonna eat that
q : how do you sink a canadian submarine ? a : you swim underneath it and knock on the door
i sent flowers to someone who was moving to florida for a job promotion . i also sent flowers the same day to a funeral for a friend . i found out later that the flower shop got the cards mixed up . they sent the card to the guy who was moving that said , " deepest condolences , " and sent the card to the funeral home that said , " i know it ' s hot where you ' re going , but you deserve it . "
a mother complained to a doctor about her daughter ' s strange eating habits . " all day long she lies in bed and eats yeast and car wax . what will happen to her ? " " don ' t worry , " said the doctor . " eventually , she ' ll rise and shine .
yo momma so fat , she tripped on 4th ave . and she landed on 12th !
one dog said to her pups , " don ' t ever bite the hand that feeds you . any other hand is ok , though . "
a boy walked up to a man and asked , " hey mister , wanna donate to the we need help children ' s fund ? " the man said , " no , but i will donate a pack of listerine bottles because i hope all of the kids ' breath don ' t smell as bad as yours ! " ( real life situation )
a little girl is helping her mommy with the dishes when she notices that some of her hairs are gray . she asks her mom , " why are some of your hairs gray ? " the mom replies cleverly , " whenever you make me cry or lie to me , one of my hairs turn gray . " the girl thinks for a minute , and then asks , " is that why all grandma ' s hairs are gray ? "
a man walked into a lawyer ' s office and inquired about the lawyer ' s rates . " fifty dollars for three questions , " replied the lawyer . " isn ' t that awfully steep ? " asked the man . " yes , " the lawyer replied , " and what is your third question ? "
you know you ' re ghetto when you carry food stamps in a money clip !
what kind of shoes do you wear to the beach ? sandals !
knock - knock who ' s there ? a little old lady . a little old lady who ? i didn ' t know you could yodel !
a unitarian universalist walks into a fabric store and asks the clerk for nine yards of material . the clerk asks , " what are you going to make ? " the uu says , " i ' m making a nightgown for myself as a present for my husband . " the clerk says , " but nine yards is way too much material for a nightgown . " the uu says , " i know , but my husband would rather seek than find . "
dogs have masters , cats have staff .
a red - faced judge convened court after a long lunch . the first case involved a man charged with drunk driving who claimed it simply wasn ' t true . " i ' m as sober as you are , your honor , " the man claimed . the judge replied , " clerk , please enter a guilty plea . the defendant is sentenced to 30 days in jail . "
the national institutes of health have announced that they will no longer be using rats for medical experimentation . in their place , they will use attorneys . they have given three reasons for this decision : 1 . there are now more attorneys than there are rats . 2 . the medical researchers don ' t become as emotionally attached to the attorneys as they did to the rats . 3 . no matter how hard you try , there are some things that rats won ' t do .
knock , knock . who ' s there ? yule . yule who ? yule never know until you open the door !
q : why are hairdressers always on time ? a : because they know all the short cuts !
top ten things men understand about women . . . 1 . 2 . 3 . 4 . 5 . 6 . 7 . 8 . 9 . 10 .
wait a second ! ! ! i am not a loser ! i have tried . i am a failure .
yo momma so stupid that she forgot where she parked her car in an empty parking lot !
what did the male rabbit buy the female rabbit for her birthday ? 14 carrot gold !
why couldn ' t the glass fool anybody ? because everybody could see right through him !
q : how can you tell when a bucket gets sick ? a : it becomes a little pale .
a blonde walks into a restaraunt and asks for fish and chips . when she sees the fries on her plate she says " i asked for chips , not fries ! "
a blond is in math class . the teacher says , " we are going to be learning about pi ( 3 . 14 ) today . does anyone know what that is ? " the blond says " i do . i made a cherry one this morning . "
knock knock who ' s there ? candy candy who ? candy have some sweets ? please !
knock knock who ' s there ? snowflake . snowflake who ? there ' s snowflake like home !
courtney : let ' s see who can stay up the longest tonight . kaitlyn : i know ! we ' ll pinch each other every ten minutes to make sure we don ' t fall asleep ! starting right now ! courtney : hey , i ' m not even tired ! kaitlyn : see , my plan is working !
what do you call a dinosaur that is able to give you a synonym for any word you give him ? answer : a thesaurus ! : )
1 . the yankees general manager ' s name is brian cashman . 2 . barry bonds ' initals are bb , the abreviation for a walk is also bb .
what key opens no lock ? a monkey !
what key opens no lock ? a turkey !
why was six afraid of seven ? because seven ate nine !
there was a big moron and a little moron , sitting on a ledge . the big moron fell off . why ? because the little moron was a little more on .
don ' t let your mind wander . it ' s too small to be out on its own .
cathy was looking through the window of a clothes store when she spotted a pair of short - shorts . " wow , these pants are half off ! " she told her uncle . her uncle said " they should be , they are only a half pair of pants . "
what ' s the difference between an ice - cream ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - a motorcycle , it has no wheels . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hehe , you should have seen your face ! ! !
after a long , dry sermon , the minister announced that he wished to meet with the church board after the service . the first man to arrive was a stranger . " you misunderstood my announcement . this is a meeting of the board , " said the minister . " i know , " said the man . " if there is anyone here more bored than i am , i ' d like to meet him . "
why were the teacher ' s eyes crossed ? she couldn ' t control her pupils !
lisa was playing bowling with her friend marie . lisa got a strike , then one more strike . then , she got another strike . she had just gotten 3 strikes in a row ! " i just got 3 strikes in a row ! " said lisa . marie said , " you ' re out , you just got 3 strikes in a row ! "
a gazelle goes out for her usual afternoon walk . about an hour later , she realizes that she is lost out in the open . unskilled in the ways of the real world , she asks a cheetah , " excuse me sir , do you know what time it is ? " with a grin , the cheetah said , " it ' s lunchtime . "
what is the answer to this riddle ? what is greater than god , more evil than the devil , the poor have it , the rich need it , and if you eat it , you ' ll die ? a : nothing
q : what do the star trek enterprise and toilet paper have in common ? a : they both circle around uranus searching for klingons !
how do you make one disappear ? add the letter g , to make it gone !
why did the man put his money in the freezer ? he wanted cold hard cash !
what did the porcupine say to the cactus ? " is that you , mommy ? "
what do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire ? frostbite
yo momma is so dumb , she tried to fix breaking news !
what is a cat ' s favorite part of the computer ? the mouse !
what ' s a ghost ' s least favorite room in a house ? - the living room
knock - knock who ' s there ? olive olive who ? olive you ! ! !
why did the kid walk backwards to school ? because it was back to school day !
how do spell mousetrap with only three letters ? c - a - t
one eye says to the other eye , " between you and me , something smells . "
where does a judge eat lunch ? at the food court !
why did 3 blonds jump off the building ? to see if their maxi - pads had wings !
this kentucky horse breeder had a filly that won every race in which she was entered . but as she got older she became very temperamental . he soon found that when he raced her in the evening , she would win handily , but when she raced during the day she would come in dead last . he consulted the top veterinarians and horse psychologists to no avail . he finally had to give up because it had become a real night mare .
employer : " in this job we need someone who is responsible . " applicant : " i ' m the one you want . on my last job , every time anything went wrong , they said i was responsible . "
just because i have a short attention span doesn ' t mean i
when i die i want to go peacefully - like my grandfather did - in his sleep . not screaming like the passengers in his car .
why are there no phone books in china ? because there are so many wing ' s and wong ' s , they are afraid you will wing the wong number .
did you hear about the new muslim air mattress ? it blows itself up .
don ' t you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull ?
why did the chicken go across the field ? because the referee shouted " fowl " !
two guys are walking down the street when a mugger approaches them and demands their money . they both grudgingly pull out their wallets and begin taking out their cash . just then one guy turns to the other and hands him a bill . " here ' s that $ 20 i owe you , " he says .
i always look for a woman who has a tattoo . i see a woman with a tattoo , and i ' m thinking , okay , here ' s a gal who ' s capable of making a decision she ' ll regret in the future .
1 . the magical world inside the abandoned refrigerator 2 . where to find the toys in the oven 3 . 101 games to play in the road 4 . homemade fireworks using a bathtub , a blowdryer , and a fork 5 . your nightmares are real 6 . monsters killed grandpa 7 . all guns squirt water 8 . how fun it is to tie a squirrel to a kite 9 . if it ' s storming out , the best place to take shelter is under a tree 10 . dad ' s new wife robert
yo momma so fat , she has to use the highway as a slip and slide !
what crackers do firemen like in their soup ? firecrackers !
cecil and scott are two homosexuals living together . it was extremely hot one day and cecil arrived home to find scott with his ass in the freezer . " scott ! what are you doing with your ass in the freezer ? " scott replied , " it was so hot outside , i thought you ' d like something cool to slip into ! "
yo mama ' s so short , she had 2 cuff her panties .
yo mama ' s so fat , she jumped on the arch and made it into the macdonald ' s m .
yo mama ' s so fat , she waz about 2 jump in the ocean , and the ocean jumped out and said u 1st .
when you go into the bathroom you ' re russian ; when you are in the bathroom , european ; when you come out of the bathroom , you ' re finnish . you have to read the nationalities slowly
what ' s the difference between a duck and a spider ? a duck has a web in its feet , a spider has its feet in a web !
what do you get when you cross a praying mantis with a termite ? a bug that says grace before eating your house .
johnny and his mother were having a parent - teacher conference . mother : johnny really enjoys having you as a teacher , mrs . bengal . johnny : really ? i didn ' t know it was opposite day !
1 . if you had a $ 25 bill , what would you do with it ? 2 . how many tomatoes grow on a tree ? 3 . how many animals did moses take on the ark ?
what do you call a guy with no arms or legs in front of a door ? matt what do you call a guy with no arms or legs swimming ? bob what do you call a guy with no arms or legs water skiing ? skip
( these are fake books , but they make me laugh ) " spots on the wall " by hoo - flung - poo " under the bleachers " by seamore butts " ten steps from the outhouse " by willie makeit , illustrations by bettie cant
why are all the numbers scared of 7 ? because 7 ate 9 !
knock knock . whos there ? deaf person . deaf person who ? sorry , can ' t hear you .
yo momma so dumb when she went through the mcdonalds drive through , she drove through mcdonalds .
a blonde laughs at a joke 3 times . when the joke is told , when the joke is explained , and 5 days later , when she gets it .
i know this might be a little on the stupid side but i think it ' s funny . . . happy birthday to you . . you live in a zoo . . you smell like a monkey . . and you look like one too . .
there ' s this drunk standing out on the street corner , and a cop passes by , and says , " what do you think you ' re doing ? " the drunk says , " i heard the world goes around every 24 hours , and i ' m waiting on my house . won ' t be long now , there goes my neighbor . "
q . have you heard about the new ' mint flavored birth control pill for women that they take immediately before sex ? a . they ' re called predicaments
if someone says , " a penny for your thoughts , " , and you give them your two cents worth , what happens to the other penny ?
yo momma ' s breath is so stank the thermometer read , " i quit ! "
yo momma ' s so fat , she wears a microwave as a beeper .
q . what is more diffucult than getting a pregnant elephant in your car ? a . getting an elephant pregnant in your car
q . why are families like chocolate ? a . they are mostly sweet , with a few nuts !
dad : courtney , do you want penne pasta for dinner ? courtney : no , but i ' ll have dime or quarter pasta .
yo moma so fat , when she sat down , she sat next to everyone !
yo momma ' s so fat . . . when she crosses the border , they think she ' s tryin to smuggle the whole country . when she was at the zoo the elephants were scared she might step on them . she ' s what caused mexico city to sink into the ground . she sunk atlantis . she once found a whale hidden in her belly button . when a plane has to make an emergancy landing they use her as a runway .
knock knock ! who ' s there ? bless ! bless who ? i didn ' t sneeze !
knock knock who ' s there ! banana ! banana who ? banana split , so ice creamed !
yo mommas like a really popular website ; over 10 , 000 hits a day
a drunken guy is walking down the street . he sees this nun , runs up and knocks her over . he says , " you don ' t feel so tough now , do you , batman ! ? "
what has 40 teeth and holds back a monster ? my zipper .
q : how many academics does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : none . that is what their students are for .
q . what do me and a mirror have in common ? a . when we see your face we both crack up !
you ' re so dumb you stole free samples .
what is the difference between a lawyer and a wood tick ? a wood tick falls off when you die .
haven ' t i seen you on tv ? well yes i do appear off and on , how do you like me ? off .
yo mama is so fat , she can sell shade .
your mama is so fat , a giant mistook her for a bowling ball !
one bright day in the middle of the night , 2 dead boys got up to fight back to back they faced each other , drew their knives , and shot each other . a deaf policeman heard the noise , and came to kill those two dead boys . if you don ' t believe my stories true , ask the blind guy , he saw it to !
man : " do you think i ' ll lose my looks when i get older ? " friend : " with luck , yes . "
q . doctor , how many autopsies have you performed on dead people ? a . all my autopsies have been performed on dead people .
yo mamma so old she knew burger king while he was still a prince . yo mamma so old she was a waitress at the last supper . yo mamma so old she ran track with dinosaurs . yo mamma so old her birth certificate is in roman numerals . yo mamma so old she has a picture of moses in her yearbook .
there have been recent terrorist activities in france . today the had to upgrade their security system from " run " to " hide " . if things get any worse they ' ll have to go to " surrender " , and then " beg for mercy " .
yo momma so fat she uses a dump truck as a toilet !
yo mom is like a shotgun , one cock and shes ready to blow
how can you spot a happy motorcyclist ? by the bugs in his teeth .
a schoolteacher wanted to show her students how dangerous drinking alcohol could be . she brought a jar of alcohol and an earthworm to class one day to demonstrate its effects . she dropped the worm into the alcohol and it died instantly . she then asked her students what this proved . one student raised his hand and said , " if you drink a lot of alcohol , you won ' t get worms . "
" honk if you hate noise pollution ! "
yo momma so dumb she got hit by a parked car !
if your ex - lover wants you back and you want him to know your serious , here ' s something you could say : " come on back and take yo space , ' cuz if you break my heart again , i ' ll break yo face " .
at the end of a t . v . show , why do they say " filmed in front of a live audience ? " well , it wouldn ' t be a dead audience , would it ?
why do chickens have no breast ? cause the rooster has no hands !
a man sat in his attorney ' s office . " do you want the bad news first or the terrible news ? " the lawyer asked . " give me the bad news first . " " your wife found a picture worth a half - million dollars . " " that ' s the bad news ? " asked the man , incredulously . " i can ' t wait to hear the terrible news . " " the terrible news is that it ' s of you and your secretary . "
i once knew a boy who was dating his left hand and having an affair with his right .
a blonde goes on vacation to new york and wants to take a tour . she goes to ask about the tours and says , " so , where can i catch the bus for the walking tour ? "
a blonde is eating out at a very fancy restaurant with her family . right then she sees an ice carving of a dolphin by the wall . she says to the waiter , " i love that ice carving , but what do you do with it when it melts ? "
a blonde was telling her priest a polack joke , when halfway through the priest interrupts her , " don ' t you know i ' m polish ? " " oh , i ' m sorry , " the blonde apologizes , " do you want me to start over and talk slower ? "
wonder if you are a redneck . . . . well , if you have been married four times and still have the same in - laws you must be .
top ten reasons to procrastinate 1 .
q : how many colorguard girls does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : five , one to call the colorguard forward and four to take it down with a ceremony .
what do psp ' s and michael jackson have in common ? the both get turned on by little boys ! ! !
yo mama is so fat she ' s scared to look at low fat food !
did u here michael jackson is sick ? he had a 10 year old penis ! ! !
why was the cemetary so crowded ? everyone was dying to get in ! ! ! !
a kid said " i have a dirty joke ; a kid fell in the mud " . another kid said , " i know a dirty joke ; two kids fell into a pile of mud " . then the other kid said , " well , i bet i have the dirtest joke of all ; 2 pigs fell into a pile of mud and 3 came out ! "
a woman hurries home , screeches her car into the driveway , runs into the house , slams the door and shouts at the top of her lungs , " honey , pack your bags . i won the lottery ! " the husband says , " oh my god ! what should i pack , beach stuff or mountain stuff ? " " doesn ' t matter , " she says . " just get the hell out . "
joke : why does snoop dogg carry an umbrella ? answer : for drizzle my nizzle
yo momma is so fat the other day she was late to work and her stomach was an hour early .
don ' t follow in my footsteps , i walk into walls .
knock - knock . who ' s there ? yoo who ? no thanks .
while at work this man heard a very funny knock - knock joke . he told himself , " although my wife is blonde i ' m sure she will get this one ! " upon arriving home that night he proceeded to tell his wife about this joke he had heard . " knock - knock , " he said . she said , " hold on honey , let me answer the door . "
yo momma ' s stinks so bad , she puts on secret and it told on her .
two friends went to the mall to go shopping ; one was a brunette and the other was blonde . as they were shopping , the blonde suddenly said : " that girl could pass as my twin . " the brunette starts laughing . the blonde says : " what is so funny ? " the brunette says , " that was a mirror . "
you might be a redneck if when someone says : " do you have any duct tape ? " and you say : " i don ' t have any ducks on tapes but i ' ve got some on my wall . "
little johnny was heard praying in a loud voice a week before his birthday . " dear god i pray that i will get a computer game for my birthday ! " " why are you shouting " asked his mother " god isn ' t deaf ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? " " i know said johnny , but grandma is ! "
yo mama is so fat people run around her for exercize
can you tell if this lady is blonde ? after placing an order in the drive - thru , the lady came on the speaker and asked : " is that for here , or to go ? "
yo momma is so fat , when she was laying on the beach , everyone was screaming , saying " look it ' s free willy ! ! ! ! ' '
yo mama is so fat , when someone wants to shake her hand she has to give directions !
a man comes home from work and finds his wife admiring her breasts in the mirror . he asks , " what are you doing ? " she replies , " i went to the doctor today , and he told me i have the breasts of a 25 year old . " the husband retorts , " well , what did he say about your 50 year old ass ? " she replied , " frankly dear , your name never came up . "
a brunette doing laundry asked her blonde friend to help her find a match for her sock . the blonde replied , ' ' what for ? are you going to set it on fire ? ' '
day 751 : my captors continue to torment me with bizarre dangling objects . they eat lavish meals in my presence while i am forced to subsist on dry cereal . the only thing that keeps me going is the hope of eventual escape - - that , and the satisfaction i get from occasionally ruining some piece of their furniture . i fear i may be going insane . yesterday , i ate a houseplant . tomorrow i may eat another .
how do blonde brain cells die ? unused . . .
how many stupid blondes does it take to make a circuit ? two - one to stand inside the bath , the other to pass the hair dryer .
q : what ' s the difference between a blonde and a computer ? a : you only have to punch information into a computer once .
q : why is it okay for blondes to catch a cold ? a : no need for them to worry about blowing their brains out .
i ' ve often wanted to drown my troubles , but i can ' t get my wife to go swimming !
yo momma so nasty i was on the phone with her , and she gave me an ear infection .
yo momma ' s breath is so stank , that they consider it a weapon of mass destruction .
few women admit their age , few men act theirs .
what do you call it when someone farts in a gay bar ? a love call .
q . how do lesbians handle their liquor ? a . by the ears . ( lick her )
q . what do tight pants and a cheap motel have in common ? a . no ball room
q . what did the pedophile say when he got out of jail ? a . i feel like a kid again !
q . if they bring shrimp home on shrimp boats , fish home on fish boats , and clams home on clam boats , what do they bring crabs home on ? a . the captain ' s dinghy !
a woman was standing in a crowded lift of the hotel she was staying in . when a man got in and accidentally elbowed her in the breast . the man said , " i ' m sorry ! but if your heart is as soft as your tit , you ' ll forgive me . " so the woman replies , " if you dick is as hard as your elbow then i am staying in room 113 . "
man : how many asian people does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? asian man : whats a lightbulb ?
a blonde goes to the store and gets a box of almonds . as she is allergic to nuts , she asks a clerk at the counter , " does this contain nut ingredients ? "
a blond goes into a pizza shop for a snack . she orders , " may i have a veggie pizza slice with all the works ? " the worker says , " that would be our combo pizza . " the blond says , " no , thanks . i ' ll stay with the veggie slice . "
bob and joe , a couple of personal injury lawyers , were discussing conditions in the legal profession . " how ' s business ? " asked bob . " absolutely rotten ! " responded joe . " how have you been doing ? " " even worse , " bob replied . " i just chased an ambulance twelve miles and found a lawyer inside it . "
the only concept they understand is " mine " .
as is known , there is a large leper colony in hawaii . to help ease the pain the patients have while there , a hockey rink was built to provide them entertainment . only problem was that only one game ever got played on the rink . within two minutes of game time , there was a face off in the corner .
how many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : 8 men , one to get off the couch , one to find a lightbulb , one to find a ladder , one to screw it in , one to shock himself and shock everyone around , one to call a docter , one to find out that it wasn ' t out , the switch was off , and finally , one to sit back in laugh !
- overheard by a professor in the halls a few weeks after the semester starts - male student to another male student - " yeah , i signed up for a women ' s studies course . it wasn ' t what i expected it to be . " " really ? why is that ? " " well , it involves all this reading about ancient goddesses , and about female empowerment . i thought the class would be a little more . . . hands on . "
why did the squirrel go to the acorn shop ? he broke his nuts on something !
laugh and the whole world laughs with you , cry and some - one will hear you , but fart and you ' re on your own ! !
the squirrel ' s eyes widened as he tried to move but froze when he realized . . . . . . . . he ' d buried the wrong nuts !
there was this guy in the mental institute who was taking his medicine that the nurse gave him . the same nurse was walking past his room and saw him shaking very vigorously . intrigued , the nurse asked , " dear patient , why are you shaking ? are you cold ? " still shaking , the patient replied , " no , my dear nurse , the bottle of medicine you gave me said ' shake before drinking ' but i forgot to shake ! " " oh dear . "
what ' s gray , has four legs , and a trunk ? a mouse on vacation .
1 . think of a number . 2 . multiply it by 3 . 3 . now add 5 . 4 . take away the number you first thought of . 5 . now add 7 . 6 . subtract 2 . 7 . add back the number you first thought of . 8 . now , close your eyes . > > > > > > > > dark , isn ' t it ? : - )
i ' m trying computer dating , at least i ' m not getting dumped . . . but i do get deleted .
if stealing kids is kidnapping , is stealing adults oldnapping ?
where does a dog go when he loses his tail ? answer : a retailer
why do snakes always lose in court ? answer : they don ' t have a leg to stand on !
did you hear the one about the gay midget ? he came out of the cupboard .
why is it better to be killed by a shark than by a lawyer ? answer : the shark would be brief .
yo momma so fat that when she went to school she had to sit next to everybody . yo momma so fat , her belt size is equator . yo momma so fat , this guy was having sex with her , then rolled over twice and was still on her .
a gay couple ( of guys ) and a lesbian couple decide to leave from new york to miami at the same time . the two couples are neighbors and they plan on driving the same route . so the question is who gets to miami first ? why the lesbians of course ! they go lickety split while the guys are still at home packin ' .
one day , 2 blondes walked into a tanning salon . one blonde said , " a tan for 2 please ! " the cashier said , " ok , " filled out a form for them and asked , " are you two sisters ? " they chuckled and replied , " no , we aren ' t even catholic . "
" do you know that your dog bit my mother - in - law yesterday ? " " is that so ? well , i suppose you ' ll sue me for damages ? " " not at all . what ' ll you take for the dog ? "
yo mama ' s so fat , her nickname is " damn . " yo mama ' s so big , when she stands up the sun goes out . yo mama ' s so dirty , the us government uses her bath water for chemical weapons yo mama ' so hairy , when she goes to the circus the bearded lady protests against non - union workers . yo mama ' s so hairy , she shaves with a weedwacker .
jason showed his buddy the beautiful diamond ring he had bought his girlfriend for her birthday . " i thought she wanted a four - wheel - drive vehicle , " ventured his friend . " she did , " jason said . " but where am i going to find a fake jeep ? "
why did the chicken cross the road ? why do you care ?
roses are red , violets are blue , i copied your test and i flunked too !
i like to sleep , and stay in bed , all because you cracked a hammer on my head .
did you know that if you fart in church you have to sit in your own pew ?
what did spock find in the toilet ? the captain ' s log .
did you hear about the two peanuts who got mugged on their walk down the street ? they were assaulted
i ' m a schizophrenic and so am i .
what did the ocean say to the beach ? nothing , it just waved
how do you tell a boy chromosome from a girl chromosome ? pull down their genes .
why did the white girl go have sex with a mexican ? because her teacher told her to do an ese .
" doctor ! i have a serious pronblem , i can never remember what i just said . " " when did you first notice this problem ? " " what problem ? "
what is the difference between man and superman ? man wears underwear under the trousers and superman wears it over the trousers .
did adam and eve have belly buttons ? what happens if you pop the popcorn upside down ? why aren ' t hamburgers made out of ham ? and my favorite : donde estan mis pantalones ?
only a redneck visits a trailer park to look for home decorating ideas .
one day , 15 year old christy came home from shopping with her auntie kim and auntie flo . christy says to her 6 year old sister , " auntie kim has bad taste , but auntie flo has good taste . " her sister then says , " how do you know ? have you bitten them before ? "
why am i stronger than tarzan ? because i can beat on my chest without screaming .
the warden , addressing the three instigators of a failed prison riot , said , " i would like to know two things . first : why did you revolt ? second : how did you get out of your cell ? " one of the three men stepped forward , " warden , we rebelled because the food is awful . " " i see . and what did you use to break the bars ? " the warden asked . replied the spokesman , " french toast . . . "
here ' s a stupid warning label : if you look at a fire extinguisher , it will say " non - flamable "
if you fall down a bottomless pit . . . do you eventually die of starvation ?
why doesn ' t the glue inside the bottle dry ?
isn ' t it fascinating how feet smell and noses run ?
if you think about it , a muffin is just a bald cupcake !
as far as we americans know , osama bin laden could , quite possibly , be right here in new york , posing as a cab driver , and we ' d never know .
if you put a slinky on an escalator , would it go forever ?
how did hellen keller ' s mother punish her ? ? ? rearranging her furniture .
once there was a redneck groom about to get married . as he puts on the beaver pelt suit , he is talking to his dad . " hey uncle jim , i ' m kind of worried . my fiance told me she ' s still a virgin . " " why is that an issue ? " the dad says . " well , if she isn ' t good enough for her family , why would she be good enough for ours ? "
did you know that the goverment finds native american chiefs more important than presidents ? the new head on mt . rushmore is at least twice the size of the others . it ' s the head of an indian !
what did the sick pony say to its mother ? i ' m a little hoarse .
a woman goes for her pelvic exam . while the doctor is doing the exam , he notices bikini tan lines , and she has sandals on that say " hecho en mexico " ( made in mexico ) . so he casually asks her , " so did you enjoy your trip to mexico ? " she sits up a little and stares at him with this look of disbelief . " you can tell that just from a pelvic exam ? ! ? ! ? "
a nurse was giving a patient a check up and came to the task of taking his temperature . so the patient came in and she told him to take his pants and boxers off so he hesitantly did so . she then put somthing in his butt . she had some time , so she went to the bank and was going to withdraw some cash . as she went to get her pen to sign the reciept , she took out the rectal themometer .
have you ever heard of the kissing shield ? no ? then look at this list of crazy inventions people just like you made ; kissing shield face bake horse diaper whopper wheels skateboard pirate light bulb changer beach boots remote controlled horse flying bike baby bottom art pump power dummy chicken farmer airplane moisturizer alarm fork all terrain stroller aqua swing baby cage ball blinders banana head bird cat trap feeder boob tube boatless water skiing hijacker detector and many more dumb inventions soon to come . be watching !
what do you call a grizzly with no teeth ? a gummy bear
fred was getting out of his car to go to an electronics store and had his dog in the car with him . " stay , " said fred . a blond was witnessing all this and said to fred , " would it just be easier to put it in park ? "
a woman at a party walked up to a man and told him , ' ' if you were my husband i would poison your drink . " the man replied , ' ' if you were my wife i would drink it . ' '
q : what do you call a bass clarinet player with half a brain ? a : gifted
your momma so old she sat next to jesus in the 3rd grade
why do lawyers always wear a tie ? to keep back the foreskin .
why did the blond make a square pie ? because pi ( r ) squared !
you know how , in the olden days , you were named for what you did ? for instance , if you were a blacksmith , your last name would be smith , if you were a baker , your last name was baker . it kind of makes me wonder what john hancock ' s ancestors did for a living .
knock knock ! who ' s there ? abbey ! abbey who ? abbey stung me on the nose !
knock knock who ' s there ? acid ! acid who ? acid down and be quiet !
knock knock who ' s there ? acid ! acid who ? acidently on purpose !
knock knock who ' s there ? bach ! bach who ? bach to work !
i was eating a fruit rollup once , you know , with the paper on the bottom . . . well the instructions were " do not eat paper . " noooo ! i thought the paper was part of the snack ! !
politians are like constipated people - they ' re full of shit .
what did the pirate say when he got cold ? shiver me timbers ! ! !
a 16 - year - old girl bought herself a very tiny bikini . very proud , she came home and put it on . she then showed her mother how she looked in it . " what do you think mom ? " she asked . her mother replied , " if i wore that when i was your age , you would be 5 years older . "
a brother and sister are in a terrible car accident and the brother is badly injured . at the hospital the doctor tells the sister , " his brain is dead , but his pulse is still beating . " the sister replies , " oh no ! we ' ve never had a democrat in the family before ! "
give blood . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . go skateboarding .
i can only be kind to one person a day . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . today is not your day .
a blonde was at a department store for the first time and was very confused . the man beside her was getting irritated at the blonde because she kept asking him so many questions about the store . he said , " please ! just stop asking me so many questions ! " " oh , " the blonde replied . " why ? "
kid 1 : you did it again ! kid 2 : what ? what did i do ? kid 1 : you know , that thing . kid 2 : what thing ? kid 1 : that thing when your lips move and sound comes out .
you have the right to remain silent . exercise it .
once upon a time , a guy asked a girl , " will you marry me ? " the girl said , " no ! " the guy lived happily ever after and went fishing and hunting . he played golf a lot , drank beer , and farted whenever he wanted .
why should you never play poker in the jungle ? - because there are too many cheatahs ! !
why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly ?
a woman went in for a breast exam . the doctor said , " have a seat . i have to numb your breasts first . " the woman said , " okay . " so the doctor put his face between her breasts and said , " numb , numb , numb , numb , numb . "
did you have cookie for lunch ? ' cuz your face is kinda krummy .
why was moses wandering through the desert for 40 years ? because blokes refuse to ask for directions .
what is the medical term for a woman getting a sex change ? an adadictomy ( add - a - dick - to - me )
yo momma is so fat that she fell over and made the grand canyon !
the secret to enjoying a good wine is : 1 - open the bottle to allow it to breathe . 2 - when it does not breathe , give it mouth - to - mouth
mother decided that 7 - year - old cathy should get something ' practical ' for her birthday . " suppose we open a savings account for you ? " mother suggested . cathy was delighted . " it ' s your account , darling , " mother said as they arrived at the bank , " so you fill out the application . " cathy was doing fine until she came to the space for ' name of your former bank . ' after a slight hesitation , she put down ' piggy . '
i did your mom . . . . . . a favor by making you . . . . . . lunch .
q : why did the iraqi chicken cross the road ? a : to take over the other side .
sam : " cas , phone for you ! " cas : " okay , thanks , sam . " - - beep of phone being turned on - - " hello ? oh , hi . . . . " - - after phone conversation - - sam : " so , who was it ? " cas : " heather . " sam : " what did she want ? " cas : " our phone number . "
3 hints to arguing with blondes : 1 . ) use small easy to understand words . 2 . ) keep your sentences short and to the point . 3 . ) use , what i like to call , " blonde logic " aka logic that only makes sense to them or on occasion other blondes .
may your troubles be as few and far between as your great - grandmother ' s teeth .
q : what ' s the worst time to be a rat or a mouse ? a : when it ' s raining cats and dogs !
yo momma ' s so fat , when she walks down the street and hums , the kids all run after her , waving money and yelling , " ice cream truck ! ice cream truck ! "
did you know . . . in louisiana it is illegal to tie an alligator to a fire hydrant and leave it unattended ? really ! it ' s true !
the frenchman and the italian were in the woods , hunting together when suddenly a beautiful blonde girl raced across their path , totally nude ! " would i love to eat that ? " " oui , oui ! " the frenchman said , smacking his lips . so the italian shot her .
dr . calvin rickson , a scientist from texas a & m university has invented a bra that keeps women ' s breasts from jiggling and prevents the nipples from pushing through the fabric when cold weather sets in . after a news conference announcing the invention , a large group of men took dr . rickson outside and kicked the shit out of him .
how do we know that christ was irish ? because he was 33 ; still lived at home ; thought his mother was a virgin , and she thought he was the son of god .
it is obvious . the downfall of the world is here . it is 2005 and we have lived on this earth for ages . i suppose it is about time for the end . proof ? you want proof ? i have all the proof you will need : they let brittney spears reproduce . ohh that poor poor child ! !
how many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : one , men will screw anything .
how many irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : 50 . . . 1 to hold the lightbulb , and 49 to drink ' till the room spins !
a male blue whale , can ejaculate 40 gallons of sperm during sex . only 10% of that will get to the female . the other 36 gallons is left in the sea . no wonder the sea ' s so salty .
how do you catch an elephant ? dig a hole , put peanuts around it , fill it with ashes and when the elephant goes to eat the peanuts , kick him in the ash hole .
your momma is so old , she breast fed methuselah .
if you want to know how to make a blonde ' s eyes sparkle . . . . . . shine a flashlight in her ear .
q . how do you keep a blond from whistling while she is skydiving ? a . make sure she wears underwear .
roses are red violets are blue god made me pretty what the heck happened to you ?
one day a boy said to his mom , " i ' m a picses , what are you ? " the the mom answered , " cancer . " the boy then asked in a shocked state , " you killed grandma ? "
donald rumsfeld is giving the president his daily briefing . he concludes by saying : " yesterday , 3 brazilian soldiers were killed . " " oh no ! " the president exclaims . " that ' s terrible ! " his staff sits stunned at this display of emotion , nervously watching as the president sits , head in hands . finally , the president looks up and asks , " how many is a brazillion ? "
today in history class the topic was the incas . hoping to see if the students had done the reading , the teacher calls on random students and asks them questions . " where could the incas be found ? " the teacher ' s first question . " jonie ? " foolishly she called on the blonde . not having actually done the homework , and only halfway hearing the question , she guesses : " in the pen ? "
a boy was going to church on sunday . his mom gave him $ 40 so that he could put $ 20 in the offering plate and use $ 20 to buy anything on the way . on his way to the church he lost the $ 40 , so he went back to look for it . he found $ 20 , then looked up and said , " god , here is mine . go and look for yours ! "
a lady was at the bar when a guy started hitting on her . she said " i ' ll send my pants to you from the dry cleaners , that way you can get into them on you own time . "
flea : ( noun ) a small , wingless , bloodsucking parasite ( see also ) a . brother - in - law b . lawyer c . politician
knock - knock , who ' s there ? alarm . alarm who ? alarm the cops about all the partying i ' ve been having ! !
i - rish my beer was full . . .
q . how do you keep a jack ass in suspense ? a . i ` ll tell you tomorrow .
here ' s a lighted dynamite stick , please hold it until i get back .
help reduce air pollution , stop breathing
keep talking , someday you ' ll say something intelligent .
keep talking , i always yawn when i ' m interested .
your mouth is so big you could swallow a whole banana . . . . . . sideways
a half - wit gave you a piece of his mind , and you held on to it .
as an outsider , what do you think of the human race ?
someone dropped $ 50 . who do you think will pick it up ? a . ) an honest politician b . ) a five year old child c . ) santa claus b . ) a 5 year old child , all the others aren ' t real .
q . why did the dog fall out of the tree ? a . because it was dead q why did the monkey fall out of the tree ? a . because it was stapled to the dog ! q . why did the tree fall over ? a . because it thought it was a game .
1 . did you hear about the man who had a shower without getting his hair wet ? he was bald ! 2 . did you hear about the boy who was named after his father ? his name was dad !
q . ) how does a blonde make a stainless ink pen ? a . ) she doesn ' t put ink in it .
yo mama so stupid , when her softball coach said to keep her eye on the ball , she stared at the softball for 3 days straight !
this is a true story told to me . a big city news anchor is driving along the freeway when his young son asks him , " daddy , what does motherf _ _ _ _ r mean ? " he turns to his son , " that ' s a really bad word , don ' t ever say that again . where did you learn that ? ! ? ! ? " his son answers innocently , " well , that ' s what you just said about that car you said cut you off . "
two male flies are buzzing around , cruising for good looking female flies . one spots a real cutie sitting on a pile of horse manure and dives down toward her . " pardon me , " he says , turning on his best charm , " . . . but is this stool taken ? "
two blondes are filling up at a gas station . the first one says to the other , " i bet these awful gas prices are going even higher " . the second replies , " it won ' t affect me . i always buy exactly $ 10 worth " .
pedro was driving down the street , in a panic , because he had an important meeting and couldn ' t find a parking place . looking up toward heaven , he said " lord , take pity on me . if you find me a parking place , i will go to mass every sunday for the rest of my life and give up tequila . " miraculously , a parking place appeared . pedro looked up again and said " never mind . i found one . "
knock - knock who ' s there ? life life who ? a life is what you need to get !
how do you catch a unique rabbit ? unique up on it .
how do crazy people go through the forest ? they take the psycho path .
what do you call four bullfighters in quicksand ? quattro sinko .
q . ) what do you ask a kid wearing a muscle shirt but has no muscles ? a . ) did you leave your muscles in your other muscle shirt ?
q . ) your child poops in their pants - what do you do ? a . ) drop off the child at day - care and make them change it .
q ) what does a blond say when she comes out of a lesbian bar ? a ) wow , those people sure were friendly !
a wife asked her husband well you remarry if i die ? husband : ( caught off guard ) he said no , i already did . . . . crap ! ! !
a blond goes up to a brunette that ' s wearing a puffy wig with two green ribbons on each front side . the blond says " nice cat ! how did you get it to balance on your head ? " the brunette tears up and says " its a wig ! my friends told me it was in fashion and i guess they hate me ! ! ! " the brunette runs home and never noticed that she was talking to a blond . so in the end the brunette was a blond too .
your momma so ugly she didn ' t even have to dress up for halloween , and still scared everybody , and made some people say , " nice costume ! "
yo momma is so stupid , she tried to kill 2 stones with one bird !
billymac : " those there are award winnin ' cows . " bubbajr . : " what ' d they do ? " billymac : " they ' re outstandin ' in their field "
you might be a redneck if . . . . . you went weeks without food or shelter just so you could have front row seats to a brooks - n ' - dunn concert .
if " poly " means " many " and a tic is a bloodsucking creature , than what are politicians ?
what do you call a dog without legs ? it doesn ' t matter - he won ' t come , anyway .
q . ) why do kids pick their nose ? a . ) because they are too darn lazy to get a tissue and their favorite show is on . even though they ' ve seen it 1 hundred times , can ' t miss a second to get a tissue , when they have their finger for fast and easy answer for their bogery nose ! q . ) how do you make them stop ? a . ) glue a tissue box full of tissues to their head .
q . ) what does a blond think a leprechaun is ? a . ) an elf . but she only sees it when it ' s near the holidays and has drunk an irish drink . even though her parents keep telling her they aren ' t real . . .
q : why do people have small dogs ? a : so they can carry them in their bags , and when the person farts , they can blame it on the dog .
to all who do not believe in evolution , i have proof : my spaghetti from two weeks ago has started growing arms and legs and i think it just called me , " mommy " . by the way , i , myself , do not believe in the theory of evolution .
you ' re a redneck if : the only thing you swing a bat at is a mailbox .
you are a redneck if : your mother has ammo on her christmas list !
you are a redneck if : directions to your house include ' ' turn off the paved road . . . ' '
the funniest bumper sticker is : keep honking i ' m reloading !
you are a redneck if : you like to brag you learned to fire a shotgun before you could walk .
where do cats go to find their tail ? the retail store .
what does a grape say when it gets squished ? nothing , it just lets out a little whine .
many employers motivate workers with bonuses . some offer gym memberships , a few even supply day care for their working mothers and fathers . our bosses go a step further . a sign posted in our break room read : new incentive plan . . . work or get fired !
i used to be schizophrenic , but now we ' re just fine
sometimes , i worry about you . . . but then i remember that my mom told me never to anthropomorphize .
q . ) what kind of service has a two for one " tuesday " special ? a . ) yo mama ! ! !
a boy came back from school and noticed that his father was wearing his weeding ring at the wrong finger . he asked his father , " why are you wearing your ring on the wrong hand and finger ? " and the father said , " because i married the wrong wife . "
q : why don ' t blond chicks date blond guys ? a : to avoid inbreeding .
vini vedi velcro ( i came , i saw , i stuck around )
q . ) why do homeless people love to go to church ? a . ) there is always free water .
you are a redneck if : you light a match in your bathroom and it blows your house off its wheels !
what do you call a lion wearing a hat ? a dandy lion .
q . ) why did the dog go to court ? a . ) because it got a barking ticket .
q : what is a cheerleader ' s favorite drink ? a : root beer !
if you ask a bears fan what his or her two favorite teams are they would be : - the bears - and whoever the green bay packers are playing .
i ' m racist because i have colored tv .
what do you say to mexican with a high salary ? can i have ketchup on those fries ?
what did the chinese people call their retarded son ? sum ting wong
what do you call a drummer without a girlfriend ? homeless ! p . s . this works for just about any instrument player .
what do you call a lesbian with fat fingers ? well hung
q ) what do you call an ant from overseas ? a ) important
i don ' t think my parents liked me . they put a live teddy bear in my crib .
what is kermit the frog ' s middle name ? the .
yo momma so poor , she cleans her shoes with a pencil .
" wow , " said joan after she saw that her friend got glasses . " you like my new glasses ? " , asked peter . " yep . they make you look really smart . " , replied joan . " i know . that ' s what my mom said . that ' s why i wear them in math class . "
yo momma is so fat , that when she finally lost her spare tire , she still had an 18 wheeler to go !
what did the popsicle say to the lollypop as he was leaving ? so long , sucker !
what did the lollipop say to the popsicle ? ' cool , dude ! '
hey ! is that your head or did your neck blow a bubble ? !
q : why did the turkey cross the road ? a : because the chicken had the day off !
you are a redneck if : your shotgun is named after your girlfriend .
you are a redneck if : you have the same number of teeth as you have fingers .
you are a redneck if : you ' ve ever killed someone over a " kick me " sign .
you are a redneck if : you ' ve ever searched for gold in your grandpa ' s chest and had your fingers taken off by the booby trap within .
you are a redneck if : you won money of your dead grandpa by playing poker with him .
you are a redneck if : you ' ve ever had to towel dry after a fart .
you are a redneck if : you have a glass eye collection .
you are a redneck if : your pet groundhog has ever bitten more than one of your thumbs off .
you are a redneck if : one wall of your home is a tarp .
when i was a little boy , i was considered clever for my age . when you were a little boy , you must have eaten paint chips .
q ) how many blondes does it take to make chocolate chip cookies ? a ) 25 ! one to mix the batter and 24 to peel the m & m ' s .
i bought some powdered water but i don ' t know what to add to it .
i bought a dog the other day . i named him stay . it ' s fun to call him . " come here , stay ! come here , stay ! " he went insane . now he just ignores me and keeps typing .
how do you tell when you ' re out of invisible ink ?
for my birthday i got a humidifier and a de - humidifier . i put them in the same room and let them fight it out .
droughts happen because god didn ' t pay his water bill .
change is inevitable . . . except from vending machines .
" ahhhh . . . " " mike ! what ' s wrong ? " " i - i had a nightmare . " " what was the nightmare ? " " i - i - " " yes ? " " i - i - " " spit it out ! " " i - i went to heaven . "
you are a redneck if : you ' ve shaved off your eyebrows and taped them to a little kid ' s back .
you are a redneck if : you ' ve ever bought steel - toed boots , only to remove the steel to patch a hole in your trailer .
you are a redneck if : you ' ve ever had a family feud over a litter of coondogs .
you are a redneck if : you use a handful of creek mud as birth control .
the problem with keeping an open mind is that all my ideas tend to fall out .
you are a redneck if : you ' ve ever held a lifelong grudge over a spelling bee .
( this is from my friend , mitchell . it was very funny at first when we first heard him say it at lunch , and i figured i would share it . ) yo momma ' s so fat , she ate a grenade and the explosion didn ' t even make it out !
you are a redneck if : you ' ve ever gotten a headache reading the newspaper .
you are a redneck if : you ' ve ever dislodged a sunflower seed from the corner of your eye .
one day , a little boy came up to a man at the park . the boy asked the man , " why do you have a big nose ? " the man answered , " because . . . i have big fingers . "
my goal is to find a soulmate . it ' s not cheating , just multi - tasking .
which sweet is very clever ? a smartie
q : why did the hand cross the road ? a : to get to the second - hand shop !
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? toby . toby who ? toby or not toby that is the question !
q ) what is : black white black white black white ? a ) a nun rolling down a hill .
i ' ve been following the ongoing evolution vs intelligent design controversy , and as a card - carrying botanist , i ' m a very strong supporter of darwin . but still , there are things in life that rational science simply cannot explain . like paris hilton . . .
q . how many acountants does it take to change a lightbulb ? a . 1 at a fixed rate of 3 . 5% income return after purchase for every bulb replaced over a 6 year plan , with projected inflation expected to rise to over $ 1 . 25 per bulb in 2006 .
yo momma ' s arms are so short that she has to tilt her head to scratch her ears .
knock - knock . who ' s there ? accordion . accordion who ? accordion to the t . v . , it ' s going to be cold out .
you should have no doubt in your mind that you are in a redneck family . . . . . when your uncle drunkenly approaches you , slaps you on the back , grabs your face and murmurs " heaeh kiiiiiiid , i think it ' s a good thing i used a condum . and walks off slowy , mumbling . " cause your mamoo gets realy piiist when she ' s pregnant . . . . . . . . " and in disbelief , you look around to find your mom .
yo mama is so ugly , that they pushed her face into cookie dough to make gorilla cookies .
when everything ' s coming up roses , it ' s time to celebrate . but , when everything ' s coming up daisies , it ' s time to mourn .
how long does it take a blond to change a lightbulb ? they never change it , by the time they ' ve realized that it ' s broken , the world would of ended .
a middle - aged guy is out to dinner with his wife to celebrate her fortieth birthday . he says , " so what would you like , julie ? a jaguar ? a sable coat ? a diamond necklace ? " she says , " bernie , i want a divorce . " " my goodness , " he says , " i wasn ' t planning on spending that much . "
while on a game show , justins had to identify a number of sounds . when she heard this : * laughter then plop , plop , plop * she identified it correctly right away . what did she say ? an audience laughing it ' s head off
why don ' t vegetarian women scream during orgasms ? they refuse to admit that a piece of meat gives them pleasure !
you might just be a redneck if your dad walks you to school because you are both in the same grade .
what does a blonde and a screendoor have in common ? the harder you bang them the looser they get . why did the blonde climb the glass wall ? to see what was on the other side . what is the first thing a blonde does in the morning ? get dressed and go home
why did the blond have blisters on her lips ? from trying to blow out lightbulbs !
how do you keep a blond busy ? write " please turn over " on both sides of a paper !
one blond to another : " the electicity break down was terrible . i was stuck in the lift for 2 hours . " the other blond : " that ' s nothing , i stood on the elevator for 6 hours ! ! !
wat is die toppunt van geraas ? 2 geraamtes wat woellig spyker op n sinkdak met n coke blikkie as n kondoom !
pappa : jy moet nou soet wees , ek gan jou tottie afkap . seuntjie : kan ma afkap , want sussie sin is klaar af en omgedop en dit lyk befok ! !
prostitute shouting accross the street - " hey , black boy ! you want a blow job ? " he shouts back " fuck off ! i don ' t want any job ! "
if a kid asks where rain comes from , i tell him , " god is crying . " and if he asks why god is crying , i tell him , " probably because of something you did . "
yo momma so old , she still owes moses a dollar .
you are a redneck if : you ' ve ever carved a gunstock out of a bedpost .
knock - knock . who ' s there ? dishes . dishes who ? dishes me , who ' s you ? ( this is me , who ' s you . )
it is illegal to stick coins in your ears in the state of hawaii .
why were the police at the baseball game ? because someone stole second base !
yo momma is so fat and dumb , she used antarctica as a popsicle !
yo mommo so stupid when she was drowning , she ate a lifesaver . lifesaver is a candy .
if the cops arrest a mime , do they tell him he has the right to remain silent ?
100 , 000 sperm and you were the fastest ?
always keep your words soft and sweet , just in case you have to eat them .
famous last words : " ok , i ' m only going to have one . . . " - - said the polygamist right after marrying his first wife .
you might be a redneck if your dad bought you a gallon of pepto - bismol for christmas .
yo momma is so stupid , i told her christmas was right around the corner - so she went looking for it .
yo momma is like a bus ; she ' s big , doesn ' t smell very good , and it ' s only a dollar a ride .
yo momma is so fat , if she buys a fur coat , a species will be extinct .
yo mama is so stupid , she bought a video tape on how to fix your vcr !
yo mama so poor , she has to chase down the garbage truck with a shopping list !
yo momma is so old - - - she knew burger king when he was a prince ! yo momma is so poor - - - i saw her banging on the dumpster and i asked her what she was doing and she said " my kids locked me out ! "
best friend to former fat guy : hey man , you ' re looking good . looks like you lost lots of pounds . any secrets ? former fat guy : eating dates . best friend : oh yeah ? i ' ve read that compared to other foods , dates have the highest anti - oxidant values . how much and how many times a week do you eat dates ? former fat guy : oh just one date every week - end . i eat first before i fuck .
what do you call when god takes a crap ? holy shit !
a young man from peking and a first generation chinese american woman get married . on the wedding night he climbs into bed next to her and tries to be reassuring , saying , " my darling , i know this is your first time and you must be frightened . " she says that is true but she will do anything he wants . the groom says " let ' s start with 69 . " and she says , " you want broccoli with beef ? "
two cows were in a field grazing . first cow says , " moo . " second cow says , " you asshole , i was gonna say that . "
yankee doodle went to town a - riding on his mother every time he hit a bump he had another brother !
what do you call 2 nuns and 3 prostitutes on a football field ? 2 tight ends and 3 wide receivers
knock , knock who ' s there ? ya ya - who ? i didn ' t know you could yodel ! yahoooo !
you ' re so ugly that when you entered an ugly contest , out of 10 , 000 people , you won first place !
you ' re like a wendy ' s . the drive through is open till 1am or later .
a good friend will say : " i love you ! " ( in a sarcastic tone ) a best friend will say : " i love you , you f * * * in ' b * * * * ! "
what did the little black boy get for his birthday ? your bike .
why does it take 3 women with pms to change a lightbulb ? because it just does , ok ! ! ! !
yo momma ' s so fat she stood on a talking scale and it said , " 1 , 2 , 3 get the hell off of me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! "
knock - knock who ' s there ? me me who ? who the hell is me - who ? ? ?
what is the most racist animal in the world ? a parrot bacause polly wants a cracker not a nigger .
q : what do you call 50 black guys in a hole ? a : afro - turf
you ' re so ugly , you scare blind children .
you ' re so ugly when you were born your parents named you " shit happens "
you ' re so ugly instead of taking you to the doctor your mom took you to the vet .
what did batman say to robin before getting in the batmobile ? " get in the batmobile , robin ! "
why can ' t a gypsy man walk right ? because he has crystal balls !
> god made mud , < < < < > > god made dirt , < < < < > > > god made guys , < < > > > > so girls can flirt ! <
it ' s better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you ' re stupid than to open it and remove all doubt .
yo momma so fat that she would have been in e . t . , but when she rode the bike across the moon , the bitch caused an eclipse .
knock - knock who ' s there icee icee who i see you in there now let me in !
ronnie never listens in science class because he says it ' s boring . . one day his teacher asked , " ronnie , what are the 3 states of matter ? " since he heard his name he did listen to the question . so he thinks for a second and replies , " texas , florida , and arkansas ! "
aoccdrnig to rscheearch codnutced at cmabrigde uinervtisy , it deosn ' t mttaer waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are tpyed , the olny iprmoetnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be in the rghit oedrer . the rset can be a total mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit porbelm . tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey ltteer by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . amzanig huh ?
accept that some days you are the pigeon , and some days you are the statue .
it may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others .
you so ugly , you make president bush look hot !
q : what ' s green , fuzzy , has 4 legs , and if it falls out of a tree , can kill you ? a : a pool table .
women need a reason to have sex , men just need a place !
yo mama so ghetto , her wedding cake was made out of cornbread .
q : why did the cookie go to the doctor ? a : because he felt crumby .
how many blondes does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? zero : for all blondes know , the lightbulb is still burning bright .
q : what do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection ? a : a quarter pounder with cheese .
q : why did the scientist install a door knocker on his door and not a door bell ? a : he wanted to win the no - bell ( nobel ) prize !
there ' s a blonde who goes to a pizza parlor . when she orders , she asks for her pizza to be cut up into 6 slices instead of eight . why ? a : she ' s not hungry enough to eat eight .
knock knock . who ' s there ? wet . wet who ? wet me in ! it ' s waining !
q : did you hear the story about the peacock ? a : it ' s a beautiful tail .
q : why did george washington sleep standing up ? a : he couldn ' t lie .
two turds were sitting beside each other in a toilet , when one looks to the other and says , " man , you smell like shit " .
q : what ' s the difference between a rabbit and a cow ? a : one ' s a rabbit and one is a cow
q : why didn ` t the skull cross the road ? a : because he didn ` t have the guts !
why did the frog cross the road ? a : he was tied onto the chicken .
yo momma is so ugly , that when she met the ugliest man on earth , he shrieked in terror and jumped out the window .
a couple drove down a country road for several miles , not saying a word . an earlier discussion had led to an argument and neither of them wanted to concede their position . as they passed a barnyard of mules , goats , and pigs , the husband asked sarcastically , " relatives of yours ? " " yep , " the wife replied , " in - laws . "
fish + alien transpotation = unidentified frying object
q : what goes , " kcauq , kcauq " ? a : a duck flying backwards !
bob : have you changed the water in the fish bowl yet ? marge : no , it hasn ' t drunk the water i gave it a week ago .
i believe in evolution and if you don ' t i will let you meet my relatives . . . . then you ' ll believe me
" i love you " is eight letters , but so is " bull shit . "
i decided to kill the sexiest person alive , but then i realized suicide is illegal .
i often dream of the day when my car will be able to drive me home after a long hard day of work . that ' s about the time the driver next to me abruptly blows his horn telling me to wake up and get back into my own lane .
did you hear the one about the blond think tank ? once they got it got started , it drove through three houses and a convienence store before they figured out how to stop it .
east to the sea , west to the land , death to the b * * * h that touches my man .
" mario , i am in so much pain right now i can barely sit . leave the mushrooms for the adventures and out of the bedroom . " " fine princess . yoshi , let ' s go . " " no , no . . . yoshi can stay . "
q - if the big breasted women work at hooters , where does the one legged woman work ? a - ihop
yo momma so old she got an autographed copy of the bible .
my t . v . has more channels then your iq , and i don ' t even have cable !
" doctor doctor ! i feel like a pack of cards ! " " i ' ll deal with you later ! "
q : how do you help a starving cannibal ? a : give him a hand !
one day in the 1800 ' s a father asked his child to go get some nuts and berries . she went around and got nuts and berries from every boy she knew . when she showed her dad he said , " that ' s not what i meant ! "
q : did you hear the joke about the jump rope ? a : no , i skipped it !
when i shake your head , all i hear is echo echo echo . . .
your face is sad . not that you ' re crying , it ' s that i feel sorry for you .
you ' re so ugly that your momma cried when she saw you after birth .
you ' re so ugly that when it ' s christmas , instead of giving you toys , santa gives you plastic bags to cover your face .
q . how do you keep an idiot busy ? a . tell him that the ground is going to fall on him if he doesn ' t get off it .
yo mama ' s so stupid , she walked into an antique shop and asked " what ' s new ? "
yo momma ' s so dumb she dj ' s for the ice cream truck !
yo momma so fat , she leaves stretch marks in the bath tub .
how women think about sex : at 8 , ignore it . at 18 , experience it . at 28 , look for it . at 38 , ask for it . at 48 , beg for it . at 58 , pay for it . at 68 , pray for it . at 78 , forget it .
kid says to mom : " the babysitter ' s an angel ! she was naked in the garden and screamed god i ' m coming ! lucky daddy was holding her from behind to keep her here ! "
what is the new name for a taxi in oshakati ? a computer . why ? it has windows , always crashes , & is driven by a thin black floppy with a virus .
the cat was chasing the rooster around on the farm , then the cat fell in the water and the rooster laughed . lesson : for every wet pussy there is a happy cock
woman tells man : : " i demand good manners in bed just like at the dinner table . " so man gets into bed slowly , smiles & says : " honey , would u please pass me the vagina ? "
good : you & your wife decide not to have kids . bad : your wife can ' t find the birth control pills ugly : you daughter borrowed them .
a japanese girl accidentally lets out a disturbing fart after making love ! she said : " aww , so sorry . excuse please , front hole so happy , back hole laugh out loud ! !
did you hear about the cannibal who was late to dinner ? he got the cold shoulder .
when a cop stops you he gives you a ticket , when a cop stops me he gives me his number .
your so ugly you make bin landen look like a god .
tom : i ' ve got a great knock - knock joke . bill : ok , let ' s hear it . tom : you start . bill : knock - knock . tom : who ' s there ? bill : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ( dumbfounded )
after enlisting in the 82nd airborne division , i eagerly asked my recruiter what i could expect from jump school . " well , " he said , " it ' s three weeks long . " " what else , " i asked . " the first week they separate the men from the boys , " he said . " the second week , they separate the men from the fools . " " and the third week ? " i asked . " the third week , the fools jump . "
a gentleman walks into bar , and to his horror , sees a screaming naked lady tied to the wall while the bartender licks her ! the guy runs out and calles the police . he is even more horrified when the police say there is nothing they can do ; the bartender has lick - her ( liquor ) license .
known fact amongst all men : having sex can help combat asthma and hay fever , now we need to inform all women !
your teeth are so yellow the sun should be shy to show it self !
someday your prince charming will come . mine just took a wrong turn , got lost , and is too stubborn to ask for directions .
" no one dies a virgin , life screws us all ! "
" people say nothing is impossible , but i do nothing every day . " - poor bear
heaven won ' t take me and hell ' s afraid i ' ll take over . - unknown ( boardofwisdom . com )
what did the bee say to the naughty bee ? bee - hive your self
when a guy asked a blond to take a survey , she asked , " do i have to bring it back ? "
mexican virus buenos dias ! ! jou have yust received a mehican birus ! ! ! since we not so technologically adbanced in mehico , dis is a manual birus . please delete all the files on jour hard drive jourself and send this e - mail to eberyone jou know . tan jou por yelping me . julio manuel jose fedenzio rodriguez garcia , mexican hacker
a blonde and a brunette are hanging from a pole to see who can hang the longest . the blonde is showing off by hanging from one hand . the brunette says , " i bet you can ' t do no hands . " the blonde takes the challenge and loses the contest .
q : what do mice say when they see the moon ? ? a : " ooh , cheese ! "
while driving to work , i found myself behind an old ford falcon , with five teenage boys inside . the best part was the bumper sticker in the center of the rear window . it read : don ' t laugh , your daughter could be in here !
i never engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed appoint
when i worked in the tourist industry in florida , we got to wear some of the buttons that were for sale . my favorite read : we love serving tourists ; i like mine well done !
i almost got fired for telling this joke at work : do you know why fireman have bigger balls than policeman ? they sell more tickets !
to the optimist , the glass is half full . to the pessimist , the glass is half empty . to the accountant , the glass is twice as big as it needs to be .
i was watching my friend instant message . she was talking to a kid that she knew . the kid had lost his hat . i suggested , rather foolishly , to look in his nose . ( as a joke , of course ) my friend typed this . he then wrote ( without seeing the message that my friend wrote ) i ' m going to look there on monday .
how do we look at a calendar to find what date it is , when we don ' t know the date ?
one day a duck walked into a drugstore and bought some lipstick . she walked up to the clerk and said , " put it on my bill ! "
how is it we look in a dictionary to figure out how to spell something if we don ' t know how to spell it ?
knock - knock who ' s there ? oscar oscar who ? ask her a silly question , get a silly answer !
yo momma so dumb , she invented water proof tea bags .
an ejector seat on a helicopter . a fly screen on a submarine . an ashtray for a motorcycle . a lead balloon . a bikini for eskimos . sugar - cube fishing bait . a glass baseball bat . .
1 . doctor , doctor ! my son swallowed a pen , what should i do ? use a pencil instead ! 2 . doctor , doctor ! i think i ' m getting shorter ! you ' ll just have to be a little patient . 3 . doctor , doctor ! i ' m invisible ! i ' m sorry , sir , i can ' t see you right now .
1 . send him to the store for tampons , telling him to ask which is the best brand . 2 . when he tells you he loves you say , " i do , wait , i don ' t love you ! " 3 . tell him you ' re a covicted serial killer everytime he asks you how are you . 4 . spill his favorite and most expensive cologne down the toilet and tell him he made me do it !
a man called the computer company because he was having trouble with his computer . a woman answered the phone . " hello . may i help you ? " yes . i ' m having trouble with my computer . every time i press the enter key my computer goes biserk . " " i think i know what you should do . " " really ? " " yes . " " what should i do ? " " you should stop pressing the enter key . "
yo momma ' s like 7 - 11 . . . cause she is open all day .
a man went to the hospital with a sprained ankle . the doctor said , " don ' t worry , you ' ll be walking in no time . " he was . the doctor stole his car .
dick and jane were arguing over the breakfast table . " oh you ' re so stupid ! " shouted dick . " dick ! " said their father , " that is enough ! now say you ' re sorry ! " " okay , " said dick , " i am sorry you ' re stupid . "
the king sent for his wise men all to find a rhyme for w . when they had thought for a time , but could not think of a single rhyme , " i ' m sorry , " he said , " to trouble you . "
knock - knock who ' s there ? duck duck who ? duck i just threw a frisby at you ! !
a man who digs ? doug ! a man who doesn ' t dig ? douglas ! a woman with a cat on her head ? kitty !
yo momma is so old , she was stood up by king tut , before he became a mummy .
child 1 : whatcha gonna do ? child 2 : i ' m gonna watch tv ! child 1 : guess what ? i ' m the queen of the tv freaks !
everyone can be an echo ! 1 ] repeat everything a person says & does in an exaggerated way 2 ] if your victim tries to get you to stop by saying something like , ' i ' m a stupid furball , ' say ' at least you have the courage to admit it ! ' 3 ] this is the most important instruction ! do not let your victim near a book !
yo mama is so fat that she uses all of mexico as a tanning bed .
yo momma is so fat she needs to lose weight .
message from www . dating . com : your dating ad has been on the net for 8 weeks without any answer ! do you rather want us to try one week without a picture ?
two contracters were building a house . while they were sawing a board , the saw slipped and cut of one of the contracter ' s ears off . they were looking through the sawdust and one contracter came up with the ear . he asked his co - worker , " is this it ? " the other one said " no , mine had a pencil behind it ! "
patient : " it must be tough spending all day with your hands in someone ' s mouth . " dentist : " i just think of it as having my hands in their wallet . "
q : how do you keep a cheepskate busy ? a : put him or her in a round room and tell them that you droped a $ 20 bill in the corner .
i don ' t need to write a joke ! whenever i see your face i start to laugh anyway ! !
why did the boy sprinkle sugar underneath his pillow that night ? he wanted to have sweet dreams .
why are llamas big and brown ? beacause if they were small & grey , they would be mice .
what is black & white an red all over ? a penguin holding its breath !
what to a blonde is long and hard ? 4th grade
1 ) how does a blonde kill a fish ? she drowns it ! 2 ) how does a blonde kill a bird ? she throws it off a cliff ! 3 ) how does a blonde lose 5 pounds ? she takes off her make up ! 4 ) why does a blonde wash her hair in the sink ? because thats where you wash vegetables ! 5 ) what did the blonde think of her new computer ? she couldn ' t get channel 9 !
1 ) did you hear about the blond skydiver ? she missed ! 2 ) what do you call a blonde holding a balloon ? twins ! 3 ) why doesn ' t a blonde drive a bmw ? because she can ' t spell it ! 4 ) how is a blonde the same as a bottle ? thier both empty from the neck up ! 5 ) did you hear about the blonde that shot an arrow into the air ? she missed !
teacher : john , why is your cat at school today ? john : ( crying ) . . i heard the milkman tell mom . . " when the kid goes to school i ' m gonna eat your pussy ! "
question : what is brown and sticky ? answer : a stick ! duh .
doctor doctor ! i keep thinking i ' m invisible ! who said that ? ! ? ! ?
what does the male centipede say to the other male centipede when a female centipede walks by ? that ' s a nice pair of legs , pair of legs , pair of legs , pair of legs . . . . .
yo momma ' a so stupid she stopped at a stop sign and waited untill it changed to ' go ! '
what ' s worse than getting raped by jack the ripper ? getting fingered by captain hook .
what did the two lesbian frogs say to each other ? we taste like chicken ! !
what ' s the difference between a clever midget and a venereal disease ? one is a cunning runt and the other is a running cunt .
what does a clitoris , an anniversary , and a toilet have in common ? men always miss them .
yo momma ' s so ugly , she turned medusa to stone !
yo momma ' s so stupid she put yellow for the answer to the following question : what color is santa ' s red suit ?
you ' re about as useful as a bargain hunter in sears !
1 . i used to eat a lot of natural foods until i learned that most people die from natural causes . 2 . health nuts are going to feel stupid someday , lying in hospitals dying of nothing .
the fbi and the dea are joining efforts and will be assigning some of their agents to a quasi - fbi / dea enforcement team specifically targeting the illegal allergy pills sales that occur on the black market . the agents will be called " pseudo feds . "
yo momma so stupid she shoved a battery up her butt and yelled i ' ve got the power
q : what ' s the difference between a black owl and a white owl ? a : white owl : who who black owl : who that who that
q : why was raggedy anne kicked out of the toypen ? a : because she kept sitting on pinnochio ' s face saying , " lie to me , lie to me ! "
a man and his wife are in the bed watching " who wants to be a millionaire ? " he turns to her and says , " do you want to have sex ? " " no , " she answered . he replies , " is that your final answer ? " " yes , " she said . he then replies , " i ' d like to phone a friend . " that ' s the last thing he remembers . . . .
here ' s 50 cents call someone who cares
if you can tell time . . . why can ' t you tell that i don ' t have time for you ?
ever wonder why your ears are where they are ? just think , if they were on your butt , you would have to pull down your pants to hear what i ' m saying - - redd foxx
there once was a girl named ann hyser who claimed that no man could surprise her . but old pabst made a push at the schlitz in her busch and now she is sadder budweiser ! * this joke was made by bill klompus * go bill ! !
why did our founding fathers expressed equality , but the constitution says people born in other countries can ' t be president ?
in the 60 ' s , people took acid to make the world appear weird . now the world is weird and people take prozac to make it normal .
what do you get when a dinosuar stubs its toe ? a : stubasaurus
this above a uranal . what are you looking at ? the real joke is in your hands !
general ways to annoy people announce when you ' re going to the bathroom . ask people to prove everything they say . ( e . g . " i ' m bob , nice to meet you . . . " " prove it ! " ) only type in uppercase . before exiting the elevator , push all the buttons .
how to annoy people in an elevator : ask , " did you hear that cable snapping sound ? " call the psychic hotline from you cell phone , and ask if they know what floor you ' re on . drop a pen and wait until someone reaches to help pick it up , then scream , " that ' s mine ! " hum the theme from mission impossible with yours eyes darting around the elevator .
ways to annnoy your roommate become a mime . nothing is more annoying than a mime . ask your roommate if your family can move in " just for a couple of weeks . " buy some turtles . paint numbers on their backs . race them down the hall . chain yourself to your roommate ' s bed . get him / her to bring you food .
ways to annoy people in the computer lab bring some dry ice & make it look like your computer is smoking . light candles in a circle around your terminal before starting . play " pong " for hours on the most powerful computer in the lab . try to stick a nintendo cartridge into the 3 1 / 2 disc drive , when it doesn ' t work , get the supervisor .
ways to annoy people on the subway stand in front of the doorway and glare at people when they try to get by . constantly ask people for directions . don ' t take a shower for a month . tell the people your problems . they really want to know .
how many rich people does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? none . they hire people to do it for them .
a blond and a red - head were planning to go to an amusement park . when they got to the park the blond asks , " who will pay , you or me ? " . so the red - head says , " i ' ll tell you what , you ' ll pay for entrance , and i ' ll pay for all the rides . " ( the rides don ' t cost anything at all ! )
what are you laughing at ? your mom is a hooker !
how many feet does a black rooster have ? how many wings does a black rooster have ? how many heads does a black rooster have ? how many hairs are on the back of a white cat ? why is it that you know more about a black cock rather than a white pussy ?
q . what do you call a blond , redneck lawyer ? a . yo momma !
the best things in life are free and the worst things in life cost only $ 19 . 95 .
yo mama is so fat that when she has sex she has show directions !
bobby - hey do you remember what the teacher said in fourth hour ? jessica - ? - - - - - - - - ? ? ? bobby - did you just have a blonde moment ?
so i have this great knock knock joke for you ! knock knock who ' s there ? hello ? hello who ? hello ? hello who ! ! ? oh hi ? hey , i have this great knock knock joke for you ! okay knock knock . who ' s there ? hello ? who ' s there ! ! ! ! ! ! ? ? the door slams . knock knock . ding dong . fine . hello ? hello ? hello ! ! ! ? * peacecylone *
on a very busy high way there stood three images . santa , the easter bunny and a smart mexican . well who crossed the street first ? none there is no such thing as santa , the easter bunny , or a smart mexican .
what ' s missing ? ch _ _ ch u r you are
what is a robot ' s favorite food ? nuts and bolts !
q . where does a fish like to sleep ? a . in a river bed !
q . where do comedians go if they are sick ? a . to the he - he - mergency room !
q . why was the gum so mad in class ? a . it was chewed out !
q . what do you get when you cross a mosquito with a computer ? a . a lot of bytes ! ! !
q . why was the piano locked out ? a . because he had no keys !
q . who likes to make dinner for peter pan ? a . captain cook !
q . what do you call a cow that gives chocolate milk ? a . an utter delight !
why couldn ' t the human torch get married ? he couldn ' t find his match !
what do you call a stupid garbage can ? a dumb - ster !
what did the director say after making the mummy movie ? " it ' s a wrap ! "
q . what always stays hot inside a refridgerator ? a . salsa !
mrs . colter was explaining that there were rules for voting in the united states . " you have to be at least eighteen , you have to be a citizen , and - " john blurts out , " and you can ' t vote for democrats ! " * * all credit for this goes to john rieger , who wouldn ' t shut up during sixth period .
my little sister recently asked me : " why does the conductor of the band always wave his magic wand , but the players never disappear ? "
no , of course it isn ' t .
george w . bush presidential library destroyed by flood crawford , texas ( ap ) a tragic flood this morning destroyed the personal library of president george w . bush . the flood began in the presidential bathroom where the books were kept . both books have been lost . a presidential spokesman said the president was devastated , as he had almost finished coloring the second one . the white house tried to call fema but there was no answer .
q . what little girl takes from the rich and gives to the poor ? a . little red robbin ' hood !
your mama is so fat because your mama ' s mama passed down genes !
you ' re so fat you turn the world upside down !
a priest and a rabbi are sitting in a park talking . a young boy walks by , the priest says " hey , you want to screw him ? " and the rabbi says " out of what ? "
a cowboy an indian and a muslim were in an airport waiting for their flight . after some silence the indian says . " once my people were many , now we are few . " then the muslim says , " my people were many , we are still many , " he turns to the cowboy , " why do you think that is ? " the cowboy says , " maybe that ' s ' cause we haven ' t played cowboys ' n ' muslims yet .
how do you plant dope ? bury a blond .
yo momma ' s so fat , she sneezed and caused a hurricane !
a mother explained to her daughter , " we didn ' t have tvs not to long time ago , sweetie . " she looks at her mother strangely and asks , " then how did they play their vcr ' s ?
1 . knock knock , who ' s there ? ima , ima who ? ima hungry can we eat yet ? 2 . knock knock , who ' s there ? peas , peas who ? peas can we start know 3 . knock knock , who ' s there ? phil , phil who ? phil my cup up with water please
rudeness - someone who keeps talking while your are trying to interrupt .
" doctor , please hurry . my son swallowed a razor blade . " " don ' t panic , i ' m coming immediately . have you done anything yet ? " " yeah , i shaved with the electric razor . "
teacher : john , how do you spell " crocodile " ? john : " k - r - o - k - o - d - a - i - l . " teacher : no , that ' s wrong . john : maybe it ' s wrong , but you ask me how i spell it !
silvia : dad , can you write in the dark ? father : i think so . what do you want me to write ? sylvia : your name on this report card .
of course you know they have changed the look of twenty dollar bills recently . what happens to the old ones ? bill gates gets them !
pinocchio had a human girlfriend who would sometimes complain about splinters when they were having sex . pinocchio , therefore , went to visit gepetto to see if he could help . gepetto suggested he try a little sandpaper wherever indicated and pinocchio skipped away enlightened . a couple of weeks later , gepetto saw pinocchio bouncing happily through town and asked him , " how ' s the girlfriend ? " pinocchio replied , " who needs a girlfriend ? "
from a brunette ' s point of view : blondes may have more fun but hey , at least we can read !
want to know a dirty joke ? a white horse falls into a mud puddle . wanna know a clean joke ? the horse takes a shower .
what do the letters " inri " at the top of jesus ' cross stand for ? i ' m nailed right in .
jesus sees a woman being assaulted by an angry crowd and steps in front of her and says , " let he who hath no sin cast the first stone . " from the crowd comes a rock flying at the woman . jesus looks over and says , " damn it mother , sometimes you really piss me off . "
a farmer is going down the road with his horse pulling his wagon and his dog lying next to ' em . the farmer says , " it sure is hot out here . " the horse turns back and says , " it sure is . " the farmer says , " i didn ' t know horses could talk . " the dog said , " neither did i . "
a guy was smoking a cigarette . another guy comes up to him and asks , " do you have an extra cigarette ? " the first guy looks at the box and reads that it contains 20 cigarettes . he counts all the cigarettes in his box and says , " nope , don ' t got any extra cigarettes " .
who is yo momma ? yo momma doesn ' t know .
over 75% of the jokes submitted to this site are duplicates . please search the website before submitting a joke to make sure yours it is not already listed . before submitting your joke , please check it for spelling and grammatical errors because you will not be able to correct them later . if this is your first time submitting a joke , please review the style guidelines . most importantly , do not use copyrighted jokes without the permission of the author .
this is laziness !
a man was screaming into his phone saying " can you hear me now ? " . annoyed , a cia offical said " yes , we can hear you now ! "
to save a tree remove a bush .
what do you call a woman with one black eye ? a fast learner .
yo momma so stupid she ties her shoes with spahgetti so she can eat and run .
you know your are in alaska when you go to court and they ask you where you were on the night of october to april !
yo momma so bald , i can read her mind
can a mane date the sister of his widow ? no , because you can ' t date when you are dead .
person # 1 : " want to hear a joke ? " person # 2 : " sure . " person # 1 : " your face . " ~ your momma is so fat , she is overweight . ~ two turds were hanging out . the first one was moaning and groaning . the second one asked , " what ' s wrong ? " the first one replied , " i feel like crap . "
d . a . r . e . sadly doesn ' t stand for drugs are really excellent .
yo momma so stupid she asked to buy a vowel on wheel of fortune and said " s "
what kind of sneakers do chickens wear ? re - bok - bok - bok - bok - bok .
mr . smith : " so , mr . jones , how ' s your son john ? " mr . jones : " he ' s at harvard right now . " mr . smith : " oh , really ? ! well , congratulations ! what ' s he studying ? " mr . jones : " oh , he ' s not studying anything . they ' re studying him . "
a young and foolish pilot wanted to sound cool and show who was boss on the aviation frequencies . so , this was his first time approaching a field during the nighttime . instead of making any official requests to the tower , he said , " guess who ? " the controller switched the field lights off and replied , " guess where ! "
when i was younger my father always told me to be more lady like and civil . i decided to teach him a lesson . when we arrived at his mothers house there were donuts on the table . we sat around and talked ( and munched ) i soon got up to excuse myself saying " i have to pee . " dad reminded me that there was a better way to put that . " i ' m sorry " i said " i have to powder my nose like a racehorse . "
if you haven ' t read this joke
knock - knock who ' s there ? me duhh ! !
why did the chicken cross the road ? i don ' t know , ask the chicken !
what did the blonde say to the red head ? nothing . she couldn ' t remember what she was going to say !
your so ugly , when you were born the doctors shoved you back in .
what did one penny say to another penny ? let ' s get together and make cents
how many men does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? one , but it takes a certified electrician to make it work .
you are so small that on your id picture , your feet showed .
you are a redneck if : you think the following is funny you haven ' t read the joke " you are a redneck if . . . # 900 " .
yo momma is so fat if they named a hurricane after her it would have to be a category 20 .
yo mommas so stupid she asked how much she had to pay to get a free car - wash .
yo mommas so stupid , she brought a tv remote to the movie theater .
yo momma so dirty , she went in for a shower and lost weight !
a man is playing poker , and sees a sign that says : if you have a gambling problem call 1 - 800 - gambling . so the man calls the hotline and says , " the guy on my right has an ace and a two , i have a three and a jack , there is a four , a five , and a queen on the table , what should i do ? "
yo mamma is so nasty that she can help stop air pollution by not breathing .
if he concentrates on the bottle because it says , " from concentrate ! "
if you would like to link your web site to wocka . com , please freely bookmark or add links to any page contained within this web site provided that this site does not appear inside any frames .
at its discretion , this site may remove any material posted on our web site that infringes on the rights of others . if you believe that your work has been used improperly or your copyrights have been violated we encourage you to contact us
our website contains links to other websites that are created and maintained by us . when visiting one of these sites , our privacy policy and terms of use remain the same . no information of any kind is shared between these sites . these sites are : braingle . com - user submitted and ranked jokes . puzzlesolver . com - solutions to many popular puzzles . duckrocket . com - easy , fast email geosnapper . com - enables users to upload and distribute accurately geo - referenced digital photographs .
a cookie is a piece of data stored on the user ' s hard drive . this site uses cookies to maintain state between pages on this site . the user may remove these cookies at any time by logging out of the web site . advertisers on this site may use cookies . however , we have no access to or control over these cookies . the ads on this website are provided by burstmedia . you may read their privacy policy .
we use ip addresses and browser type to analyze trends and administer the site . we do not do reverse dns lookups , so ip addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information .
we may share aggregated information with our partners and advertisers . this is not linked to any personally identifiable information .
this web site contains links to other sites . please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information . this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site .
from time - to - time our site requests information from users via surveys . participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information . information requested may include contact information ( such as name and shipping address ) , and demographic information ( such as zip code , age level ) . survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site .
this website takes every precaution to protect our users ' information . when users submit sensitive information via the website , your information is protected both online and off - line . if you have any questions about the security at our website , you can contact us .
if we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . we will always use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected .
we rated with rsac i , tm safe surf rated .
please submit any comments you have using this form : your email address : message : send feedback
yo mamas so dumb she put a quarter in a parking meter and said " hey ! wheres my gumball ? " .
q . what did one sheep call the other sheep who stole his food ? a . a ba - a - astard
you might be a redneck if your baby stroller consists of a potato sack and a wheelbarrow .
yo mama ' s so scary , she killed freddy krouger in his own dreams .
an ant and an elephant got married . after they had sex , the elephant had a heart attack and died . " crap , " the ant said . " five minutes of passion and now the rest of my life digging a grave . "
yo mama is so stupid , when i told her to turn on the tv , she started stripping .
what disease frightens ghosts the most ? booooo - bonic plague what ' s the difference between girl ghosts and boy ghosts ? booooo - bies
why didn ' t the blonde make the gymnastics team ? when they asked for a cartwheel , she stole a tire from the hot dog vendor .
what was the blonde college student doing at the harbor ? looking for an internship .
we have all wished for something , but think about this : hold out your hands , wish in one , and crap in the other . which hand do you think will get filled up first ?
q > why did pepsi hire michael jackson to do commercials again ? a > because they wanted someone to suck that little boy back out of the bottle .
q : how does a redneck take a bubble bath ? a : he farts in a puddle
q . why do women fake orgasms ? a . because they think men care !
a blonde and a brunette are walking along the sidewalk , and the brunette says she is dying of thirst and wants dr . pepper . the blonde runs across town into the nearest hospital and asks the receptionist for dr . pepper . the receptionist says ok , and hands her a bottle of soda . the blonde says , " what do you think this is ? a joke ? my friend is dying and needs to see dr . pepper right away ! ! ! "
q : why are scissors such good dancers ? a : because of their sharp moves .
knock , knock who ' s there ? did you ever hear the joke about the broken pencil ? did you ever hear the joke about the broken pencil who ? nevermind , it ' s pointless .
have you seen the lottery tickets from india ? if the spot on your ticket matches the spot on your forehead , you win a 7 - 11 store .
parent : you two should sing in the talent show together . tim : when pigs fly ! cindy : you fly ?
q > what kind of soup do gay chinese men like ? a > cream of sum yun guy
the only thing truly free of charge is a dead battery .
yo momma ' s credit is so bad , , , the bank wants the their calendar back
a man and his wife were sitting in the living room and he said to her , " just so you know , i never want to live in a vegetative state , dependent on some machine and fluids from a bottle ? if that ever happens , just pull the plug . " his wife got up , unplugged the tv and threw out all of his beer .
what can a picnic table do that a musician can ' t do ? support a family of six !
a man was bragging about his sister who disguised herself as a man and joined the army . " but wait a minute , " said the listener , " she ' ll have to dress with the boys and shower with them too , won ' t she ? " " sure , " replied the man . " well ? won ' t they find out ? " " and who ' s gonna tell ? "
the lazy bowl reclining toilet : it ' s plush while you flush !
if jack helped you off your horse , later would you return the favor and help jack off his horse ?
one day someone knocks on a blonde ' s door . she asks : " who is it ? " and the person answers : " it ' s me ! " then the blonde wonders , " me ? ! ? ! ? ! "
boy : may i hold your hand ? girl : it isn ' t very heavy . i think i can carry it myself .
you want me to write a joke ! ? ! ? the world is being attacked by aliens ! awwwww ! a warning ; they have huge , hairy jaws and beady little eyes and long mangy hair and a huge nose and foul breath and and . . . oops . that ' s just you .
three senators were sitting at the bar and having drinks with each other . the democrat started a conversation of were they liked their wives to be positioned during sex , the democrat said that he likes his wife on top , so he can see all of her . the republican said , " no no no i like my wife on the bottom , she needs to know who the one with the control and dominance is . " the independent blurted out , " i prefer my wife out of town . "
what was the elephant doing on the highway ? about 5 mph
did you hear about the cannibal who was expelled from school ? he was caught buttering up his teacher
yo mama is so fat , when she put on a red sweater and went outside all the kids said " kool - aid man ! "
a girl walks into a bar and sits down with her friend . she is feeling down , so she talks to her friend . her friend says " go get a beer . " she says she didn ' t want one . then the friend says " hey , who said it was for you ? " copyright fox corp .
yo mama ' s so ugly , she looks like your dad .
ryan ' s teeth were so yellow that when he walked outside , the sun said give me my butter .
yo momma was so fat that when she went to do her daily running , her body was moving but she wasn ' t .
yo momma ' s so old , i slapped her back and her tits fell off .
your momma ' s so fat , she uses a matress as a tampon .
a class is on a field trip to the zoo . they are in the farm animal ' s section , and all of the sudden the entire class looks to their right and see 2 pigs going at it like it was the last day on earth . boy : o . o umm . . . teacher , what are those pigs doing ? teacher : o . o i don ' t think those are pigs . . .
sometimes , i get so sleepy that i fall asleep at my keyboa - - - - - hogasvfbhjhfaokl ; ' gruhikmuihgdfjsjikkljhvld ; ywehkjf , hcsssljga lrsaio . ra ; ugsrol , . k , ijhekng0ljr
there was once a wife so jealous that when her husband came home one night and she couldn ' t find hairs on his jackets she yelled at him , " great , so now you ' re cheating on me with a bald woman ! " the next night , when she didn ' t smell any perfume , she yelled again by saying , " she ' s not only bald , but she ' s too cheap to buy any perfume ! "
when his 38 - caliber revolver failed to fire at his intended victim during a holdup in long beach , california , would be robber james elliot did something that can only inspire wonder . he peered down the barrel and tried the trigger again . this time it worked . . . . .
the chef at a hotel in switzerland lost a finger in a meat cutting machine and , after a little hopping around , submitted a claim to his insurance company . the company , suspecting negligence , sent out one of its men to have a look for himself . he tried the machine and lost a finger . the chef ' s claim was approved .
a tour guide was showing a tourist around washington , d . c . the guide pointed out the place where george washington supposedly threw a dollar across the potomac river . " that ' s impossible , " said the tourist . " no one could throw a coin that far ! " " you have to remember , " answered the guide . " a dollar went a lot farther in those days . "
a man ' s life is difficult to understand , when born he struggles to get out of the vagina and then tries the rest of his life to get in ! ! !
one day a man spotted a lamp by the roadside . he picked it up , rubbed it vigorously , and a genie appeared . " i ' ll grant you your fondest wish , " the genie said . the man thought for a moment , then said , " i want a spectacular job - - a job that no man has ever succeeded at or has ever even dared try . " " poof ! " said the genie . " you ' re a housewife . "
" i ' d like the number for christine smith in richmond , virginia , " the young man said to the 411 operator . " there are multiple listings for christine smith in richmond , virginia , " the operator said . " do you have a street name ? " the young man hesitated a moment , " well , uh , most people call me snake . "
did you hear about the smart blonde ? neither did i !
yo momma is so fat she used the grand canyon as her sidewalk .
yo momma ain ' t got no hands . and yo dad ain ' t got no eyes . yo momma said i ' m goona slap the shit out of you . and yo daddy said i ' d like to see that .
short naps prevent aging , especially if taken while driving .
i came out of a convenience store the other day and some seedy looking guy walks up to me and holds up a little sign : " deaf & dumb . . . can you spare $ 10 ? " wow ! what happened to a dollar or 2 ? so i reached into my pocket for my wallet , opened it , took out a folded piece of paper and handed it to him . it said : " i can ' t read " and i walked away .
here ' s a little tip from me to you as an experienced traveler . wake - up calls are the worst way to wake up . the phone rings , it ' s loud and you can ' t turn it down . i leave the number of the room next to me . it just rings very quietly and you hear a guy yell , " why are you calling me ? " then i get up and take a shower . it ' s great .
what are three two letter words for small ? is it in ?
most of us have a bad habit we are constantly trying to break . for me , it ' s biting my fingernails . one day i told my husband about my latest solution : press - on nails . " great idea , honey , " he smiled . " you can eat them straight out of the box . "
a taxpayer received a strongly worded " second notice " that his taxes were overdue . hastening to the collector ' s office , he paid his bill , saying apologetically that he had overlooked the first notice . " oh , " confided the collector with a smile , " we don ' t send out first notices . we have found that the second notices are more effective . "
when you marry , your spouse ' s family become " in - laws . " so , when you divorce , does that make them " outlaws ? "
a property manager of single - family residence was showing a unit to prospective tenants and asking the usual questions . " professionally employed ? " he asked . " we ' re a military family , " the wife answered . " children ? " " oh , yes , ages nine and twelve , " she answered proudly . " animals ? " " oh , no , " she said earnestly . " they ' re very well behaved . "
little johnny : " hey , daddy , spot just ate mom ' s apple pie that was on the counter to cool off ! " dad : " don ' t worry , son . we ' ll get you a new dog . "
today i picked up my mother - in - law at the airport . she ' s getting a little up there . she ' s at the age where she doesn ' t remember things too well . so when i saw her i said , " thanks for coming . have a nice flight ! "
" so , how did you do ? " the boss asked his new salesman after his first day on the road . " all i got were two orders . " " what were they ? anything good ? " " nope , " the salesman replied . " they were ' get out ! ' and ' stay out ! "
a lady was picking through the frozen turkeys at the grocery store , but couldn ' t find one big enough for her family . she asked a stock boy , " do these turkeys get any bigger ? " the stock boy replied , " no ma ' am , they ' re dead . "
if you love someone , set them free . if they come back , set them on fire .
over a round of golf , two doctors were talking shop . " i operated on mr . lee the other day , " said the surgeon . " what for ? " asked his colleague . " about $ 17 , 000 . " " what did he have ? " " oh . . . about $ 17 , 000 . "
the door bell rings , and a man answers it . here stands little johnny , dressed well but plainly , who says , " trick or treat ! " the man asks johnny what he ' s dressed up like that for at halloween . little johnny says , " i ' m an irs agent " ; then he takes 28% of the man ' s candy , leaves , and doesn ' t say thank you .
a woman answered her front door and found little johnny and billy holding a list . " lady , " johnny explained , " we ' re on a scavenger hunt , and we still need three grains of wheat , a pork - chop bone and a piece of used carbon paper to earn a dollar . " " wow , " the woman replied . " who sent you on such a challenging hunt ? " " our baby - sitter ' s boyfriend . "
your mother has something wrong with her brain . after medical examination , the doctor tells her : " your brain has two parts : one is left , and the other is right . your left side has nothing right , your right side has nothing left . "
while on the obstacle course in bootcamp , we had to lay on a rope and pull ourselves along . when i got to the other end and got my feet on the ground i asked my m / cpl if i could do that again . when he asked me why , i retorted with , " well i have a groove down my left nut , i would like to put a groove down my right nut so they would match up again . "
a soldier ' s letter home : dear mom , i can ' t tell you where i am , but yesterday i shot a polar bear . two weeks later , another letter home : dear mom , i can ' t tell you where i am , but yesterday i danced with a hula girl . two weeks later another letter home : dear mom , i still can ' t tell you where i am , but yesterday the doctor told me i should have danced with the polar bear and shot the hula girl .
yo mama ' s so fat , she doesn ' t need the internet - she ' s already world wide .
redneck christmas shopping you know you ' re a redneck when . . . you go christmas shopping for your mom , sister , and girlfriend and only come back with one gift .
a blond employee calls the help desk to complain that there ' s something wrong with her password . " the problem is that whenever i type the password , it just shows stars , " she says . " those asterisks are to protect you , " the help desk technician explains , " so if someone were standing behind you , they wouldn ' t be able to read your password . " " yeah , " she says , " but they show up even when there is no one standing behind me ! "
at long last the good - humored boss was compelled to call fisk into his office . " it has not escaped my attention , " he pointed out , " that every time there ' s a home game at the stadium you have to take your aunt to the doctor . " " you know , you ' re right , sir , " exclaimed fisk . " i didn ' t realize it . you don ' t suppose she ' s faking it , do you ? "
a minister had just finished an excellent fried chicken dinner at the home of a congregation member when he saw a rooster come strutting through the yard . " that ' s certainly a proud - looking rooster , " the minister commented . " yes , sir , " replied the farmer . " he has reason to be proud - - one of his sons just entered the ministry . "
you know your joke is bad when . . . . - all the comments rated - 2 or less are the ones that say they actually like it . - there aren ' t any comments at all . - people ask if you are boring in real life . - it was so " not funny " , that it was actually funny . and last but not least - there are absolutly no duplicates of your joke because it was so bad . ( i wonder if i can say the same for this )
" grade inflation , " where assigned grades creep higher and higher , is a concern for teachers . what ' s the logical limit of grade inflation ? f - student appears to be a multicellular organism . d - student has mastered many autonomic bodily functions . c - student can operate a writing instrument without harming self or others . b - student is able to form a complete sentence , on the second or third try . a - student has marginal to excellent understanding of the course material .
a girl went up to her mother and asked , " mum , is amsterdam a swear word ? " " no , why ? " she asked . " is rotterdam a swear word ? " she asked . " no , why ? " her mother repeated . " well , i heard little sister talking behind my back after i showed her my lollipop , and she said ' i hope that that lollipop rot her damn teeth ! ' "
a visitor from holland was chatting with his american friend and was jokingly explaining about the red , white and blue in the netherlands flag . " our flag symbolizes our taxes , " he said . " we get red when we talk about them , white when we get our tax bill , and blue after we pay them . " " that ' s the same with us , " the american said , " only we see stars , too . "
a wealthy man had a falling out with his two sons . it was serious enough that he decided to change his will . at his lawyer ' s office , he threw his will on the table and said , " this needs an heircut . "
because an increasing number of people are having heart attacks while gambling , the big , high - class casinos are now equipped with sophisticated defibrillators . they are computer - controlled to deliver the exact electric shock needed to revive a heart attack victim . that is , if you ' re at a big , high - class casino . at the cheaper casinos downtown , they just drag you across the carpet and touch your finger to the doorknob .
yo momma so fat , when she walked into a store the beeper went of twice
knock knock who ' s there ? doris doris who ? door is shut thats why i knocked !
the newlywed wife said to her husband when he returned from work , " i have great news for you . pretty soon , we ' re going to be three in this house instead of two . " her husband ran to her with a smile on his face and delight in his eyes . he was glowing of happiness and kissing his wife when she said , " i ' m glad that you feel this way since tomorrow morning , my mother moves in with us . "
some times when the soap bar in the shower is small enough i like to swipe it thru my butt crack and say " beep ! credit card accepted "
amy was reading a newspaper while her husband was engrossed in a game on tv . suddenly , she burst out laughing . " listen to this , there ' s a classified ad here where a guy is offering to swap his wife for a season tickets . " " hmmm , " her husband said , not bothering to look away from the game . amy said teasingly , " would you swap me for season tickets ? " " absolutely not , " he said , " season ' s more than half over . "
the landlady asked me if i minded making my own bed . i said i didn ' t and she said great there ' s a hammer and nails in the corner .
my wife has not spoken to me in three days . i think it has something to do with what happened on sunday night when she thought she heard a noise downstairs . she nudged me and whispered , " wake up , wake up ! " " what ' s the matter ? " i asked . " there are burglars in the kitchen . i think they ' re eating the tuna casserole i made tonight . " " that ' ll teach them ! " i replied .
the religious cowboy lost his favorite bible while he was mending fences out on the range . three weeks later a cow walked up to him carrying the bible in its mouth . the cowboy couldn ' t believe his eyes . he took the precious book out of the cow ' s mouth , raised his eyes heavenward and exclaimed , " it ' s a miracle ! " " not really , " said the cow . " your name is written inside the cover . "
why didn ' t the brakes want to work ? because it was time for their lunch break .
upon realizing that we both had the same middle name , i told the blond , " hey we have the same middle name ! " she replied , " really ? what ' s yours ? "
i was on vacation in texas , and was appalled by dallas ' chaotic traffic . i asked the bellhop at the hotel why it was so disorderly and was told , " in some countries they drive on the right , in others on the left . here we drive in the shade . "
my wife and i were traveling on the kansas turnpike , bucking a 30 to 45 m . p . h . crosswind . at the tollbooth , i asked the attendant , " what do you people do in kansas when the wind quits ? " the tollbooth attendant didn ' t miss a beat . she answered , " we take the rocks out of our pockets . "
they have finally started practicing safe sex in scotland . . . they now paint red x ' s on the sheep that kick
yo momma ' s so fat , when she walks she creates hurricanes .
why did the melon jump into the water ? because it wanted to be a watermelon !
here is the difference between guts and balls . guts is arriving home late after a night out with the guys , being assaulted by your wife with a broom , and having the guts to just " be there . " balls is coming home late after a night out with the guys , smelling of perfume and beer , lipstick on your collar , slapping your wife on the ass and having the balls to say , " you ' re next . "
why did the penny jump off the cliff and not the quarter ? because the quarter had more cents !
if six is afraid of seven because seven ate ( eight ) nine , why did six soon die ? because six , seven ate ( eight ) ( 678 )
this is a true story : a man was in a grocery store shopping , when he lit a cigarette . the manager walks up to him and politely asks him to extinguish it . the man refuses , saying " well you sell cigarettes here , dont you ? " the store manager replies " yes sir we do , and we also sell condoms . " the man quickly put the cigarette out .
johnny : " dad , stop drinking my root beer ! ! ! do i get free refills ? " dad : " sure - - i backwashed ! "
is that a mirror in your jeans ? because i can see myself in them .
boy : did it hurt ? girl : did what hurt ? boy : when you fell from heaven . girl : aww , did it hurt when you got kicked out of hell ? boy : if i could rearrange the alphabet , i would put u and i together . girl : really ? if i could rearrange the alphabet , i would put f and u together .
1 why did the blonde cross the road ? she was tied to the baby that was stapled to the chicken . 2 why did the blonde take a right into the ditch ? her blinker was on 3 what is it called when a blonde blows in another blonde ' s ear ? data transfer . 4 what do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you ? pull the pin and throw it back .
what do starving ethiopians and yoko ono have in common ? they are both living off dead beatles .
1 what ' s the advantage of having a blonde as a girlfriend ? you get to park in handicapped zones . 2 what do you call a blonde in a leather jacket ? a rebel without a clue . 3 why did god give blondes 2% more brains than horses ? so they don ' t crap on the street during parades !
what do you call a mouth without any teeth ? - grandma
if men and women had buttons , a man ' s button panel would look like . . . a vacuum - " on " and " off " switch a woman ' s panel would look like . . . an airplane . so many buttons . . . ahhh . . . where ' s the mute ? ! ! !
mission : go to gap , buy a pair of pants male time : 6 min cost : $ 33 mission accomplished ? yes extra stops : none female time : 3 hours 26 min cost : $ 876 mission accomplished ? no extra stops : macy ' s , jc penny , sears . . . etc . . . etc . . . etc . . .
chances of a man winning an argument : dating : 50% engagement : 25% marriage period : 0% , very rare
most people worry about getting aids from sex . bill clinton worries about getting sex from aides .
did you hear bill clinton gave up playing his sax - a - phone ? he now plays his whore - monica .
why does clinton wants a postage stamp issued in his image ? so he gets licked more often .
why was monica lewinsky in the white house after hours ? clinton was showing her the proper way to take " dic " tation .
what ' s the new name for the place where bill clinton does his business ? the oral office .
what does monica lewinsky have on her resume ? " sat on the presidential staff "
why does president clinton invite so many ladies into his private study ? he wants to show them his executive branch .
what ' s bill clinton ' s favorite movie ? sex lies and video tape
what is bill ' s definition of safe sex ? when hillary is out of town .
how does clinton divert his attention from the latest controversy ? he just keeps on plugging away .
q . what goes clop . . . clop . . . clop . . . bang ! clop clop clop clop clop clop ? a . an amish driveby
why is a blond , blond ? isn ' t it obvious ? they ' re dumb .
i ' m the kind of person who laughs at a joke three times : once it ' s told , once it ' s explained , and 5 minutes later once i get it .
this joke ' s so old , it has mold on it ! ha ha ha !
it ' s pretty bad if you start typing " lol " as if it were a sentence ( lol . ) its worse if you start saying , " laugh out loud " in everday conversations . it ' s absolutely horrible if you actually say , " l - o - l . "
not all lawyers are bad . i ' ve seen some graveyards full of good ones !
what is a kangaroo ' s favorite restaurant ? ihop !
what is the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus ? it only takes one nail to hang a picture of jesus .
q : after a runner reached the end of a long , gruelling marathon , officials were amazed to see him continue to run . why did he do this ? a : the man was let out of prison for the day to enter the marathon . he kept on running to avoid prison .
one year , a particular harried husband decided to buy his mother - in - law a cemetery plot as a christmas gift . the next year , he didn ' t buy her a gift . when she asked him why , he replied , " well , you still haven ' t used the gift i bought you last year ! "
i hate thongs ! i mean , come on , women don ' t need to floss their butts .
war not determine who right , war determine who left .
what is the name of a naked woman lying between two naked men ? sharin peters
knock - knock who ' s there ? stew stew who ? stew cold out here , let me in !
if i lost a dollar for every brain you have , i would be in debt
which animals eat with their ears ? all of them , since no animal takes its ears off to eat !
1 what do you call five blondes at the bottom of the pool ? air bubbles ! 2 what do you call 4 blondes lying on the ground ? an air mattress . 3 what did the blonde do when she heard that 90% of accidents occur around the home ? she moved . 4 what are the worst six years in a blonde ' s life ? third grade . 5 why did the blonde want to become a veterinarian ? because she loved children .
1 why did god create brunettes ? so ugly men wouldn ' t feel left out 2 why do brunettes like their dark hair color ? it doesn ' t show the dirt 3 why are brunettes so proud of their hair ? it matches their mustache . 4 what do brunettes miss most about a great party ? the invitation . 5 what do you call a good - looking man with a brunette ? gay , married , or a hostage .
here is a link to the joke http : / / miamistreetracing . com / forum / v . . . d . php ? tid = 2385
yo mamma is so fat she never wakes up on the wrong side of the bed ; she wakes up on every side of the bed !
the math teacher saw that little johnny wasn ' t paying attention in class . she called on him and said , " johnny ! what are 2 and 4 and 28 and 44 ? " little johnny quickly replied , " nbc , cbs , hbo and the cartoon network ! "
found on roadside dead fucked over re - built dodge
yo momma jokes are so stupid , i barf everytime i see one !
what is the difference between mechanical engineers and civil engineers ? mechanical engineers build weapons and civil engineers build targets .
three engineering students were gathered together discussing the possible designers of the human body . one said , " it was a mechanical engineer ; just look at all the joints . " another said , " no , it was an electrical engineer . the nervous system has many thousands of electrical connections . " the last one said , " actually , it was a civil engineer . i mean , who else would run a toxic waste pipeline through a recreational area ? "
normal people believe that " if it ain ' t broke , don ' t fix it . " engineers believe that " if it ain ' t broke , it doesn ' t have enough features yet "
old photographers never die , they just go out of focus !
why didn ' t the blonde go on the amusement park ride ? because he was too tall .
yo mamma so stupid , she wanted to go on a roller coaster and looked at the height , and she was too tall .
knock - knock go away ! ! ! we don ' t want any ! ! !
don ' t think of yourself as an ugly person , think of yourself as a really pretty monkey .
why was everyone at the fancy king crab night diner arrested ? they were breaking the claw ! so punny !
what ' s the quickest way to a woman ' s heart ? through her left breast .
what can you sit on , sleep on , and brush your teeth with ? a chair , a bed , and a toothbrush !
q : what ' s a polar bear ' s favorite cereal ? a : ice krispies
are you a parking ticket ? cause you got fine written all over you ! ! !
what do a circus and congress have in common ? they are both full of clowns
yo momma so scary , she scares michael jackson !
what ' s the best way to talk to a shark ? long distance !
yo mama is so nasty she ' s got to pour sand down her pants to keep the crabs happy !
what did dick cheney say before he shot his hunting companion ? ready , fire , aim !
what do you call an intelligent , good looking man ? a : a rumor !
q : what do you call a handcuffed man ? a : trustworthy
knock - knock ? who ' s there ? ice cream . ice cream who ? i scream for ice cream ! !
q : where do spiders go to learn new words ? a : web - sters dictionary ! !
why did the poor dog chase his tail ? he was trying to make ends meet !
ever walk into a room and forget what you came in for ? well , that ' s probably how dogs spend most of their lives . . .
yo momma ' s like a cell phone : free on nights and weekends !
yo mamma is like a shot gun : one cock and shes ready to blow ! !
george bush to friend : sorry i forgot your birthday . dick cheney forgot to put it on my to - do list .
boys are like public toilets ; they ' re either taken , or full of crap . ( no offense to you boys )
a man ' s wife was in labor with their first child . things were going pretty well when suddenly the man ' s wife began to shout , " shouldn ' t , couldn ' t wouldn ' t , didn ' t , can ' t ! ! " the man said , " doctor , what ' s wrong with my wife ? ! " the doctor replied , " nothing . she ' s just having contractions . "
q : why isn ' t there a pro football team in flint , michigan ? a : because then detroit would want one too !
yo momma ' s so stupid and so fat that when she stepped on the scale and saw three 7s , she thought she won the jackpot .
yo momma is so dumb when she got locked in the matress king she slept on the floor
a blonde , a red head and a brunette are all skateboarding and bragging about their best tricks . the brunette says , " i can do a double impossible and a misty . " the red head says , " thats nothing . i can do a 1080 flip off a quarter pipe , then do a double double and land it without falling " . then the blonde says , " i dont know what the big deal is with all of you guys , i can do all those with no hands ! "
your daddies so old , i slapped his butt and his balls fell off
say it really fast say * pink cheese green ghost * fast if ur a true latino youll get wat this means
why are black people so good at basket ball ? because they can run , shoot and steal .
yo momma is so fat she uses a rocket ship as a dildo .
you might be redneck if you ' ve totaled every car you ' ve owned .
you might be a redneck if you answer to more than one nickname .
you might be a redneck if you have orange road cones in your living room !
you might be a redneck if your toenail clippers say craftsman on the side !
you might be a redneck if you ' ve never stayed in a hotel without stealing something
you might be a redneck if you ' ve ever videotaped a dog loving on someone ' s leg .
you take me out way too much ! ! ! do you think this dress makes me look too slim ? you looked stressed out , let me give you a massage . go out with your friends tonight , you deserve it . that pamala anderson has a lovely body . no , no you buy me too much already . a fake diamond will do . my mother is a real old wench . what headache ?
why did the squirrel cross the road ? because it was nuts ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there was a blind guy , walking down the street . he passes a fish market , smells the fish and says , " good morning ladies . "
what amimal walks with its feet on its head ? a flea .
why did the rooster cross the road ? to fuck the chicken .
why did the elephant cross the road ? because the chiken retired .
yo momma is so stupid , she sat on the tv and watched the couch .
a guy walks in to the barbershop . barber says , " what will it be today ? " guy says , " well , i want it going with my waves on top , faded on one side , plug the other , and just make it all out of shape and messed up . " barber says , " now why in the world do you want your hair cut like that ? " guy says , " that ' s how you cut it last time . "
yo momma is so fat she was runing in the street with a yellow raincoat and the kids thougth they mised the bus .
why does tigger smell so bad ? cause he ' s always hanging out with pooh .
once there was a guy who didn ' t know which train station would take him to l . a . so , he asked a guy nearby , " what train takes me to l . a ? the left , or right train ? " the answer was , " if you go to the right one , you ' ll be left and if you go to the left one , you ' ll be right . "
my brother - in - law was a gay minister , so when his sister wanted a small , casual wedding , she asked him to officiate . he had never performed a marriage ceremony before , so he decided to ask his pastor for advice . " my sister has asked me to marry her , " he began , " and i ' m not sure what i should do . " the minister answered , " try telling her you just want to be friends . "
once i bought a squirrel and i named it melinda , and then i gave it food and then it died ! now i have a box named joice ann and i gave it some water and it fell down and then it died !
why does a man wear two pairs of pants when he goes golfing ? he might get a hole in one !
why do people say " this is the first day of the rest of your life " ? isn ' t that true about everyday unless you die that day ?
boys are like diapers . . . . always on my ass and full of shit .
what do you get when you cross a lawyer and a librarian ? all the information you want , but you can ' t understand it !
once i like bought a fox and i like named him jorge and like he died and i cried so i bought shoes .
a brunette , a red - head , and a blonde with a green stripe in her hair , walked into a barbor shop . the barbor asks where the brunette got the haircolor . she replies " natural . " he asks the red - head the same . she says , " natural . " then he asks the blonde the same question , and she rubs the back of her hand over her nose , and on the green stripe , and says " natural . "
three friends a surgeon , an engineer , and a politician were discussing which of their professions was the oldest . the surgeon said " eve was created from adam ' s rib , a surgical procedure . " the engineer replied : " before adam and eve , order was created out of chaos , and that was an engineering job . " the politician said , " yes , but who do you suppose created the chaos ? "
once there was a guy who lived in a blue , one story house . everything in the house was blue . the refridgerator , all of the food , the tables , the chairs , the clothes of the man , the tv , the camera , the dishwasher , the washing machine , and even the man himself . what color were the stairs ? suspected answer : blue real answer : there were no stairs ! ! !
when your mom whent to china people would say " run it ' s godzilla ! "
yo momma is so fat when she hugs people they get lost !
q : what do you say when you see a group full of black people ? a : where is the cream filling ?
why do alot of people go to black peoples yard sales ? a : to get there stuff back .
yo momma is so stupid she got locked up in the bathroom and she peed in her pants ! !
yo momma ' s so fat , when she went in a hot air balloon there was a solar eclipse !
you know you ' re a redneck if your fence doubles as your clothesline
you know you ' re a redneck if you have season tickets for the tractor pull .
you know you ' re a redneck if you would rather your son have his own hunting show than become a doctor .
you know you ' re a redneck if a city night on the town includes city jail .
you know you ' re a redneck if your bathroom towels are also your bathroom curtains .
you may be a redneck if your burglar alarm is a vacuum cleaner plugged into a motion detector .
you might be a redneck if you ' ve ever watched a tornado from a lawn chair .
you know you ' re a redneck if you paint your garage with a paintball gun .
you might be a redneck if you ' ve ever been fired for shooting spitballs .
at last . a bumper sticker for both parties . finally , someone has come out with a 100% bipartisan political bumper sticker . this hot selling bumper sticker comes from the great state of new york ! " run hillary run " democrats put it on the rear bumper . republicans put it on the front bumper .
a blonde buys a thermos . two days later , she ' s back in the shop and wants a refund . the sales person asks her why she ' s returning it . she replies , " well , when i bought it , you said it would keep hot things hot and cold things cold , but yesterday i took some coffee and ice - cream to work for after lunch , and all that came out was a luke - warm slush ! "
what do you call a black guy and a white guy having sex ? mixed nuts .
what do you call a nun ' s urine ? virgin lemonade
yo momma ' s so fat , she makes the sun look like a pebble !
yo momma ' s so nasty , when she burped she started a nuclear war !
how are opera singers and sailors alike ? they both have to handle the high seas ( cs ) !
a plane was flying from new york to canada . the plane crashes right on the border line . where do you burry the survivors ? they don ' t because they are survivors , therefor they never died .
yo momma so fat , she filled up the tub before she put the water in it .
warning : racial insult to a black person . why could a black person never get oral sex ? because the black person would taste like horribly burned food .
on halloween night a kid is standing on a bench with a fake beard , fake fangs , a tennis racket , a baseball cap , and a purple cape . a snobby man walks by and says , " what are you supposed to be ? " the kid says , " duh ! i ' m a kid standing on a bench wearing fake fangs , a fake beard , a baseball cap , a purple cape and holding a tennis racket ! what did you think i was ? "
a little boy was in a bookstore with his dad . they were browsing for books when the little kid said , " you know american idol ? " his dad said , " yeah . " the kid then said , " if they win , they ' ll become poptarts ! "
q : what device lets you see through a wall ? a : window
you might be a redneck if you stare at the orange juice container because it says concentrate on it !
yo momma ' s so fat , when she wore a blue rain coat people said , " let ' s go swim in the ocean ! "
you might be a redneck if you ride the electric floorbuffer and mistake it for your wife ! !
you might be a redneck if you wear a tube top to a funeral !
you might think that some guys are hot . their boyfriends think that , too !
my kid got your honor roll student pregnant . cleverly disguised as a responsible adult the face is familiar , but i can ' t quite remember my name i do whatever my rice krispies tell me to fight crime : shoot back ! caution - - driver legally blonde ! if you drink don ' t park . accidents cause people . if you ' re not a hemorrhoid , get off my ass . you ' re just jealous because the voices are talking to me
if we quit voting , will they all go away ? it ' s been lovely but i have to scream now i haven ' t lost my mind - - it ' s backed up on disk somewhere boldly going nowhere don ' t be sexist - - broads hate that old lawyers never die , they just lose their appeal . how could two people as beautiful as you have such an ugly baby ?
thanks for being a part of my life ! ! ! i never knew what evil was before this ! congratulations on your promotion . before you go , i would like to take this knife out of my back . you ' ll probably need it again . someday i hope to get married , but not to you . sorry things didn ' t work out , but i can ' t handle guys with boobs that are bigger than mine . happy birthday ! you look great for your age . . . almost lifelike !
chuck norris is . . . . . . . stupid .
q : what do you call an arctic animal shaped like a tooth ? a : a molar bear !
not funny
question : what did the frog order at mcdonald ' s ? answer : an order of french flies and a diet croak ! !
there once was a man from perdition who knew his way around a kitchen his wife was good lookin ' the kids loved his cookin ' but his mother - in - law kept on bitchin '
a man walks into a bar . he falls down , unconscious . why is this ? because the man walked into a solid bar . a solid , metal bar !
what happens when you give a politician viagra ? he gets taller .
what happens to a scone when you have eaten it ? it ' s scone .
yo momma ' s so dumb she studied for a urine test ! !
yo momma ' s so ugly , yo daddy had eye surgery to remove his sight !
a newfie is walking down yonge street in toronto and sees a store front . the only thing inside are 2 guys sitting on stools . the newfie walks in and says " hey what are you guys selling ? " the one guy , recognizing the accent as being newfie , says " we ' re selling assholes ! " the newfie responds " holy shit ! business must be good ; you only have 2 left ! !
where is the safest place to hide money from a redneck ? in his work boots ! how can you tell a redneck has been in your backyard ? your bike is gone and the dog is pregnant ! !
q : how many newfies does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : 2 one to hold the light bulb and 1 to spin him round and round .
q : how many newfie farmers does it take to milk a cow ? a : 5 . . . one to hold the utter and four to lift the cow up and down , up and down .
how do you confuse a redneck ask him a question that is not about nascar .
my grandson was visiting one day when he asked , " grandma , do you know how you and god are alike ? " i mentally polished my halo while i asked , " no , how are we alike ? " " you ' re both old , " he replied ! !
relish today , ketchup tomorrow ! a hamburger walks into the bar , and the bartender says , " sorry , we don ' t serve food here . " i wanted to be a mime , but i talked myself out of it . doctors tell us there are over seven million people who are overweight . these , of course , are only round figures .
frankienstien was out on a rainy day and he saw a very ugly guy . " lookin ' good ! " he said to him . later he saw a super model he said , " so , how ' d you get to be a mutant ? "
a sunday school teacher asked her class why joseph and mary took jesus with them to jerusalem . a small child replied , " they couldn ' t get a baby - sitter . "
a wise schoolteacher sends this note to all parents on the first day of school : " if you promise not to believe everything your child says happens at school , i ' ll promise not to believe everything he says happens at home . "
i had been teaching my three - year old daughter , caitlin , the lord ' s prayer . for several evenings , at bedtime , she would repeat after me the lines from the prayer . finally , she decided to go solo . i listened with pride as she carefully enunciated each word , right up to the end of the prayer : " lead us not into temptation , " she prayed , " but deliver us from e - mail . amen . "
at a friend ' s wedding , everything went smoothly , until it was time for the flower girl and her young escort to come down the aisle . the boy stopped at every pew , growling at the guests . when asked afterward , why he behaved so badly , he explained , " i was just trying to be a good ring bear . "
a blind man walks into a store with his seeing eye dog . all of a sudden , he picks up the leash and begins swinging the dog over his head . the manager runs up to the man and asks , " what are you doing ? ! ! " the blind man replies , " just looking around . "
my son is proof that anyone can be successful enough to drive a bmw or mercedes . and besides , he looks so cute in his valet parking attendant uniform .
an elementary school teacher asked her students to write a truthful report on what they would do if they had a million dollars . there was only one student who recieved an a , and the rest failed for lying . this was the paper with the a : johnny . . .
something went wrong in jet crash , expert says is there a ring of debris around uranus ? prostitutes appeal to pope panda mating fails ; veterinarian takes over lung cancer in women mushrooms enraged cow injures farmer with ax miners refuse to work after death juvenile court to try shooting defendant stolen painting found by tree two sisters reunited after 18 years in checkout counter killer sentenced to die for second time in 10 years
never withhold herpes infection from loved one war dims hope for peace cold wave linked to temperatures enfields couple slain ; police suspect homicide red tape holds up new bridge deer kill 17 , 000 typhoon rips through cemetery ; hundreds dead man struck by lightning faces battery charge new study of obesity looks for larger test group astronaut takes blame for gas in spacecraft kids make nutritious snacks
british union finds dwarfs in short supply lansing residents can drop off trees local high school dropouts cut in half new vaccine may contain rabies man minus ear waives hearing deaf college opens doors to hearing air head fired old school pillars are replaced by alumni bank drive - in window blocked by board hospitals are sued by 7 foot doctors some pieces of rock hudson sold at auction sex education delayed , teachers request training include your children when baking cookies
why did the french dog look in the toilet ? wee wee
you might be a redneck if you take your family to k - mart to see a movie .
today , if you meet someone from france , they will say , " bonjour , je suis de la france . " this is what they would say if america knew france wasn ' t going to pay us back for helping them . " hallo , bin ich von frankreich . "
six - year old angie and her four - year old brother , joel , were sitting together in church . joel giggled , sang and talked out loud . finally , his big sister had had enough . " you ' re not supposed to talk out loud in church . " " why ? who ' s going to stop me ? " joel asked . angie pointed to the back of the church and said , " see those two men standing by the door ? they ' re hushers . "
jack was living in arizona , during a heat wave , when the following took place . " it ' s just too hot to wear clothes today , " complained jack , as he stepped out of the shower . " honey , what do you think the neighbors would think if i mowed the lawn like this ? " " probably that i married you for your money . "
a first - time father was taking a turn at feeding the baby some strained peas . naturally , there were traces of the food everywhere , especially on the infant . his wife comes in , looks at the infant , then at her husband staring into space , then says , " what in the world are you doing ? " he replied , " i ' m waiting for the first coat to dry , so i can put on another . "
a computer teacher who doesn ' t speak good english tells his student " paul open the window let the air force come . " at another time the same teacher and his wife sees one of his students in mall . the next day the teacher says to the student " tim , yesterday i saw you with my wife at the mall . "
q : why were the british fighting us in the war of 1812 ? a : because they were done beating up the french , and they needed someone new to pick on .
what do scientists use to freshen their breath ? experi - mints
what do you call a dinosaur that smashes everything in its path ? tyrannosaurus wrecks
you might be a redneck if your kids are named after the car they were made in .
one day a three legged dog walked into a bar . he said , " i ' m looking for the guy that shot my paw . "
the british had an organization that americans are now considering adopting . it seems that in england , they had a men ' s club , bachelors ' anonymous . it was highly successful in making men fear or even hate marriage . the club provided a unique way to treat the problem of bachelors wanting to marry . they send over a mother - in - law in nightgown , hair curlers , and a mud pack .
egotistical harry was always reminding people that he played semi - pro baseball . " i was the james bond type of player , " he told his friends . " i had all sorts of tricks to confuse the opposition . " " batted . 007 , " his wife added .
i ' ve never understood why women love cats . cats are independent , they don ' t listen , they don ' t come in when you call , they like to stay out all night , and when they ' re home they like to be left alone and sleep . in other words , every quality that women hate in a man , they love in a cat .
one of my daughter ' s wedding presents was a toaster oven . soon after the honeymoon , she and her husband tried it out . almost immediately , smoke billowed out of the toaster . " get the owner ' s manual ! " her husband shouted . " i can ' t find it anywhere ! " she cried , searching through the box . " oops ! " came a voice from the kitchen . " well , the toast is fine , but the owner ' s manual is burnt to a crisp . "
my friend ' s husband always teases her about her lack of interest in household chores . one day he came home with a gag gift , a refrigerator magnet , that read : " martha stewart doesn ' t live here . " the next day he came home to find the magnet holding up a slip of paper . the note read , " neither does bob vila . "
yo momma is like a radio station , everyone can turn her on .
what do you get if you cross a rhino and and elephant ? elepf - ino ( pronounced " hell if i know " )
i once asked a foreign person if i could bang on his drum , he told me , " you can ' t bang on my drum , but you can bang on my bum ! " - if this ever happens to you , run !
a policeman caught a nasty little boy , with a penknife in one hand and a squirrel in the other . " now listen here , " the policeman said . " whatever you do to that poor , defenseless creature , i shall personally do to you " " in that case , " said the boy , " i ' ll kiss it on the forehead and let it go "
there is an old story about the data centre of the future . this data centre runs 24 / 7 with only a man and a dog . the man ' s job is to feed the dog . the dog ' s job is to make sure the man does not touch the computer .
one night a man and his wife were lying in bed and she was complaining that his penis was small and asked why he didn ' t do something about it . the next night thay were in bed and she reached between his legs and gasped , " how did it get so big ? " husband said , " simple , i went to the hospital and had an operation . " the wife replied , " what kind of operation ? " the husband said , " i had an addadicktome ! "
you might be a redneck if your limo at your wedding was a tractor and trailer .
you might be a redneck if your honeymoon was at the family farm .
the king had a powerful army . he reined for 7 years before clearing the clouds ! ! !
my computer is so old , it has a vhs slot instead of a cd / dvd slot ! ! !
you might be a redneck if . . . . . . your porch collapses and kills more than 3 dogs . . . . you see your family reunion as a way to meet girls . . . . you marry three times and still have the same in - laws .
how can you tell the difference between a violin and a fiddle ? look at the audience !
a man went into his shrink ' s office and says , " doc , you have got to help me ! every night i keep dreaming that i ' m a sports car . " the other night i dreamed i was a ferrari . another night i dreamed i was a bmw . last night i dreamed i was a porsche . what does this mean ? " " relax , " says the doctor ; " you ' re just having an auto - body experience . "
" i bet that india would win against pakistan and lost rs 1 , 000 . " tommy told rob . " hey , you bet rs 1 , 000 for a single match ? " rob exclaimed . " no man , i bet rs 500 on that match . " tommy replied . " so , what happened to the other rs 500 ? " rob asked . " my friend , i bet on the highlights too . " tommy replied .
once there was a guy who liked cheese .
i like hippos ' cause they ' re fat and don ' t care what other hippos think .
blonds are so dumb . i ' m lucky my hair is yellow .
yo momma is so fat , she stepped on a peanut and she made peanut butter .
yo momma is so stupid , she ' s stupid .
what did the robot say to the centipede ? stop being a centipede ! ! ! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . its funny cause the robot doesnt have any legs
a boy asked to his girl friends : what does a gay cow eat ? all of his friends failed to answer . then he stood up , and with a gay - est falsetto voice he said : haaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy ! ! !
the new ensign was assigned to subs , where he ' d dreamed of working since a young boy . he was trying to impress the master chief with his expertise learned in submarine school . the master chief cut him off quickly and said , " listen , ' sir ' , it ' s real simple . add the number of times we dive to the number of times we surface . divide that number by two . if the result doesn ' t come out even , don ' t open the hatch . "
a shoplifter was caught red - handed trying to steal a watch from an exclusive jewelry store . " listen , " said the shoplifter , " i know you don ' t want any trouble either . what do you say i just buy the watch , and we forget about this ? " the manager agreed and wrote up the sales slip . the crook looked at the slip and said , " this is a little more than i intended to spend . can you show me something less expensive ? "
did you here about the giant with a nosebleed ? it was all over town
you might be a redneck if your dog is in your bed more than your wife .
knock - knock who ' s there ? kook kook who ? hey , who you calling cukoo mister ?
why does a cock always close his eyes when he ' s crowing ? because he already knows the text ! !
what is the similarity between einstein and newton ? neither of them ever had a mobile phone !
why do pigs stink ? because they have four armpits . .
what door cannot be pushed , even by 10 people simultaneously ? the door that says : pull
teacher : there is a frog , ship is sinking , potatoes cost $ 10 / kg , then what is my age ? student : 32 yrs ! teacher : how do you know ? student : well , my sister is 16 yrs old and she is half mad .
you fart and you are proud of the smell
make sure you are in a public place with a lot of people around . sniff the air a couple of times ( make sure it is loud sniffs ) . turn to you wife and say in a loud voice " hey honey did you fart ? ! " .
yo momma is so uncoordinated she couldn ' t hit water if she fell out of a boat .
yo mommas is so fat it takes a twinky and a tub of butter to get her through the door .
q : what do you call a dog with no hind legs and metal balls ? a : sparky !
a blind guy , a deaf guy , and an armless guy were in a cave . all of a sudden , a blind guy said he heard something , the deaf guy said he saw something , and the armless guy said " let ' s kick his ass ! "
question : how long is a minute ? answer : that depends on which side of the bathroom door you are on ! !
what do snakes use for birth control ? an anacondom !
boy : is your dad a baker ? girl : no . why ? boy : cause you ' re a cutie pie ! !
yo momma ' s just like a bus . they ' re big , smelly , and you can ride it for a buck .
have you seen the current remake of the movie " cape fear ? " it ' s about a deranged psychotic who is seeking revenge against a lawyer . the question is , while watching the movie , for whom do you root ?
two potatoes are standing on a street corner . how do you know which one is a hooker ? it ' s the one stamped i - da - ho ( idaho potato )
a guy is walking down the street with his friend . he says to his friend , " i ' m a walking economy . " his friend replies , " how ' s that ? " " it ' s like this - - my hair line is in recession , my stomach is a victim of inflation , and the combination of these factors is putting me into a deep depression . "
i am not a believer in seances , but i went to one just to see what they are like . the psychic was doing his thing and grinning from ear to ear . i assumed his merriment was due to the fact that he was fooling a gullible public and gave him a poke in the nose . you can probably guess the rest . i was arrested for striking a happy medium .
a mother was reading a book about animals to her 3 year old daughter . mother : " what does the cow say ? " child : " moo ! " mother : " great ! what does the cat say ? " child : " meow . " mother : " oh , you ' re so smart ! what does the frog say ? " and this wide - eyed little 3 year - old looked up at her mother and in her deepest voice replied , " bud . "
yo momma ' s so fat , her blood type is rocky road .
a guy goes into a diner , and when the waitress comes over to take his order , he says , " i want eggs , toast , and coffee . but make the eggs uncooked , the toast burnt , and the coffee really strong and bad . and i want you to slam the food onto the table and yell at me . " the waitress says " why would you want me to something like that ? " he replies , " i ' m homesick . "
q : where do nudists go fishing ? a : moon river . q : what do you call a singing hot dog in new york , new york ? a : frank sinatra . q : what do you call a really smart cow ? a : grade a beef . q : what song do they play at plumbers ' funerals ? a : taps . q : where do you take a sick potato ? a : to a m . a . s . h . unit .
their was a very rich old lady that died . before she died she gave all her money and stuff to her children and grandchildren . she had one thing left to give out . it was a diamond . she said she hid it in a cylinder with squares . a grandchild said he knew where it was . where was it ? ? ?
procrastinators meeting tomorrow .
yo mamma ' s so fat , when she went to the zoo elephants called her mom .
a guy goes to work and kills everyone . . . what is this called . . . ? going postal . . .
i am writing in capital letters because it makes it seem like i am yelling in your head and i like the idea of yelling in your head . it makes me feel powerful ! ! !
mr . dodgers and the children in the neighbourhood are raking leaves at mr . dodger ' s house . they have three piles of leaves in the back yard , and seven piles of leaves in the front yard . when mr . dodgers and the children put all the piles together , how many piles of leaves will they have ? just one big pile ! ! !
is your dad a baker ? because those buns are lookin ' good ! i lost my phone number , can i have yours ?
" rusty bed spings " by i . p nitely " fell off a cliff " by ilene dover " bounce of a brick wall " by rick o ' shey " mini skirts " by seymour buttz " race to the outhouse " by willie makit " and last but not least " guide to one night stands " by juan teboneya "
my cat is crazy . i had just sat down to eat my hot dog when she jumped in my lap . she scared the crap out of me . i mean , i literally screamed . then i ' m like , " whatever . " and i went back to my hot dog . then i felt something sharp on my fingers . that stupid thing was biting me ! poor thing just wanted some food .
as a group of soldiers stood in formation at an army base , the drill sergeant said , " all right ! all you idiots fall out . " as the rest of the squad wandered away , one soldier remained at attention . the drill instructor walked over until he was eye - to - eye with him , and then raised a single eyebrow . the soldier smiled and said , " sure was a lot of ' em , huh , sir ? "
" well , " snarled the tough old navy chief to the bewildered seaman . " i suppose after you get discharged from the navy , you ' ll just be waiting for me to die so you can come and piss on my grave . " " not me , chief ! " the seaman replied . " once i get out of the navy , i ' m never going to stand in line again ! "
at one army base , the annual trip to the rifle range had been cancelled for the second year in a row , but the semi - annual physical fitness test was still on as planned . one soldier mused , " does it bother anyone else that the army doesn ' t seem to care how well we can shoot , but they are extremely interested in how fast we can run ? "
the reason the air force , army , navy and marines bicker amongst themselves is that they don ' t speak the same language . for instance , take the simple phrase " secure the building " . the army will post guards around the place . the navy will turn out the lights and lock the doors . the marines will kill everybody inside and set up a headquarters the air force will take out a 5 year lease with an option to buy .
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? irish ! irish who ? irish i could think of a better joke !
you might be a redneck if you ' ve ever bought a birthday present out of a vending machine .
you are a legal heir to a fireworks stand .
local cops know you by your nickname .
you get homesick watching cops on tv .
your mother does not remove the marlboro from her mouth before telling the state patrolman to kiss her ass .
your parrot can say , " open up , it ' s the police ! "
you used a cheat sheet during your hunter ' s safety test .
your current wife was a bridesmaid at your first wedding .
sing this to the tune of " on top of old oaky from " that ' s so raven " . on top of mount fuji , all covered in blood , i shot poor barney with a 45 stud . he went to the hospital . he wasn ' t quite dead . so i took a machine gun , and blew off his head i went to his funeral . i went to his grave . some people threw flowers , but i threw a grenade tada !
( not for muffin man luvers ) do you know the muffin man , the muffin man , the muffin man ? do you know the muffin man who lives on dreary lane ? i just shot the muffin man , the mufifn man , the muffin man . i just shot the muffin man who lives on dreary lane . i shot him with a 20 gauge , a 20 gauge , a 20 gauge i shot him with a 20 gauge , and now he ' s dead .
i don ' t get why we teach little kids the popular saying " cross my heart , hope to die , stick a needle in my eye . " and we wonder what is with all the violence ? i mean come on that ' s like 100% emo .
you think " going the extra mile " means using toothpaste . you take a bar of soap to your local pool . your dentures have fillings . your idea of conservation is moving your saturday night bath to every other saturday night . your wife has ever burnt out an electric razor . your medical plan is not to get sick .
as an insult you could say " you know , most of you weight comes from all that make - up your wearing ! "
here are two pick up lines : " are you a abercrombie model ? your not ? ! ? ! ? you so should be ! ! " or " my friend ( insert friend name here ) thinks we should go out . wanna ? "
birdie birdie in the sky , dropped some white stuff in my eye . i ' m a big girl , i won ' t cry . i ' m just glad that cows don ' t fly !
i sprayed my dog with spot remover . now he is gone .
jack and jill went up the hill each with a buck and a quarter jill came down with $ 2 . 50 . they didn ' t go up for water !
there was a man who went to buy some guns . the salesman at the store asked what he wanted to shoot . he said , " cans " so the salesman asked , " what kind of cans ? " " ameri - cans , afri - cans , , , , "
one time , when there was a hope for mankind , some blonds appeared in front of a judge . the judge said , " you can either have world peace or keep your cellular phones and get electrocuted . " so the blond takes out her cellular phone and the judge says ; " what are you doing ? " and she simply says ; " im phoning a friend . " now i ' m not sure what happened after that because no one saw this blond ever again !
the teacher of the earth science class was lecturing on map reading . after explaining about latitude , longitude , degrees and minutes the teacher asked , " suppose i asked you to meet me for lunch at 23 degrees , 4 minutes north latitude and 45 degrees , 15 minutes east longitude . . . ? " after a confused silence , a voice volunteered , " i guess you ' d be eating alone . "
how many jazz musicians does it take to change a lightbulb ? don ' t worry about the changes , we ' ll fake it ! note : in jazz , the chord changes are what dictates the improvisation of the music .
a wife was in the kitchen making the boiled eggs for breakfast when her husband walked in and asked , " what ' s for breakfast ? " she turned to him and said , " you ' ve got to make love to me this very moment . " he , thinking it ' s his lucky day , stood her over the kitchen table and they had sex . afterwards he asked , " what was that all about ? " she answered , " the egg timer ' s broken ! "
the mother of a problem child was advised by a psychiatrist , " you are far too upset and worried about your son . i suggest you take tranquilizers regularly . " on her next visit the psychiatrist asked , " have the tranquilizers calmed you down ? " " yes , " the boy ' s mother answered . " and how is your son now ? " the psychiatrist asked . " who cares ? " the mother replied .
" congratulations my boy ! " said the groom ' s uncle . " i ' m sure you ' ll look back and remember today as the happiest day of your life . " " but i ' m not getting married until tomorrow , " protested his nephew . " i know , " replied the uncle .
it was the interval at the opera when mrs . sternberg rose from her seat and called : " is there a doctor in the house ? is there a doctor in the house ? ! " a man in a tuxedo pushed his way towards her . " i ' m a doctor " he said . " oh , doctor , " she said , " have i got just the loveliest daughter for you . . . . "
a huge black man entered in a bar with a huge and colorful parrot on his shoulder . the bartender was amazed , so he asked " where did you get that thing ? " then the parrot said , " well they ' re walking all over africa . . . "
q - why do women have nipples ? a - because , if they didn ' t , boobs would be pointless
yo momma is so fat she farted and caused global warming
you might be a redneck if for your prom you wore a strapless dress but wore a bra that wasn ' t .
one day , there was a powerful slide , and when you go down on it , you wish for something and you get it . one guy goes down the slide , and says , " a pot of gold , " and he gets it . another guy goes down and says , " a pot of silver , " and he gets it . the third guy says , " weeee , " and he gets a pot of wee !
one time , my teacher said to dump our math books . then she said to get your social studies book . then that became history .
a little old man shuffled slowly into an ice cream parlor and pulled himself slowly , painfully , up onto a stool . after catching his breath , he ordered a banana split . the waitress asked kindly , " crushed nuts ? " " no , " he replied , " arthritis . "
i ' m so old , i woke up the other morning and thought i had an erection . i was really happy until i realized it was just a leg cramp !
once i asked a guy , " do you love me , or is that a banana in your pocket ? "
you might be a redneck if you think cauliflower is a phone dating service for flowers .
you ' ve tried to quote jeff foxworthy and screwed it up . you name your car the general lee . you see a sign that says " bridge out " and you try to jump it .
i always wondered why there are so many blond jokes , but no brunettes . i asked a brunette friend of mine . " why do you think there are no brunette jokes ? " i asked her . " well , that ' s a given . blonds are too stupid to make them up . "
knock , knock ! who ' s there ? king ! king who ? king kong is now part of china .
why is a circle so hot ? ? ? ? because it ' s 360 degrees ! ! !
patient : " doctor , my wife thinks i ' m crazy because i like sausages . " psychiatrist : " rubbish ! i like sausages too . " patient : good , you should come and see my collection . i ' ve got hundreds . "
doctor : " does it hurt when you do this ? " patient : " yes " doctor : " well , you shouldn ' t do it then . "
knock knock ! who ' s there ? a chu . a chu who ? bless you !
why wasn ' t the giraffe invited to the party ? he was a pain in the neck to talk to .
if you name your kids after dead family pets you just might be a redneck !
it is amazing how politicians can fit all their good points in a 30 second tv commercial .
a guy goes in an adult book store and asks for an inflatable doll . guy behind the counter says , " male or female ? " customer says , " female . " counter guy asks , " black or white ? " customer says , " white . " counter guy asks , " radical christian or muslim extremist ? " customer says , " what the hell does religion have to do with it ? " counter guy says , " the muslim extremist blows itself up . "
only in america can a poor black boy turn into a rich white woman . . . ( michael jackson )
only in america can a president have relations in the oral office
if you met your wife on a hunting trip you just might be a redneck .
yo momma is so poor , that when i went to her house , a roach tripped me and a rat took my wallet .
yo momma is so fat , that when she fell in love , people wern ' t laughing but the floor was cracking up ! ! !
if you have more pets than relatives you just might be a redneck .
q - why is there a big " e " on top of the standard eye chart at the optometrist ' s office ? a - the reason is if there was a big " o " on the chart women would lie about seeing it .
q - what do barbed wire and a thong have in common ? a - both protect the property , but neither obstruct the view .
why do men pick their noses while driving ? because their butts are too hard to reach !
when you are young , you want to be the master of your fate and the captain of your soul . when you are older , you will settle for being the master of your weight and the captain of your bowling team .
the arithmetic teacher had written 10 . 9 on the blackboard and had then rubbed out the decimal point to show the effect of multiplying this number by ten . " johnny , " the teacher asked , " where is the decimal point now ? " " on the eraser ! " came back the quick reply .
ralph ' s father said , " let me see your report card . " ralph replied , " i don ' t have it . " " why not ? " his father asked . " my friend just borrowed it . he wants to scare his parents . "
phillip ' s teacher asks him , " can you name the great lakes ? " phillip , always fast with an answer , pipes up with , " i don ' t need to . they ' ve already been named . "
mary had a little lamb ! the doctor fainted !
q : whats the best thing about children ? a : making them ! !
a blonde got an invitation to a party which said " wear brown tie only ! " after going to the party , she noticed that they were wearing pants and shirts also !
yo momma is so old , that she cooked the last supper !
yo momma is so ugly that even ripley ' s couldn ' t believe it !
knock knock . who ' s there ? you ! you who ? what are you so happy about ?
a young husband with an inferiority complex insisted he was just a little pebble on a vast beach . the marriage counselor , trying to be creative , told him , " if you wish to save your marriage , you ' d better be a little boulder . "
like i said before , i never repeat myself .
a man comes home after a party drunk . when he interrogates his wife about who she is , she replies , " i ' m your wife ! did you forget me ? " the man says , " sorry , drinking makes me forget my pain . "
i ' m so bad my imaginary friend left me .
why did the piece of gum cross the road ? because it was stuck to the chicken ' s foot !
do you know why there are no wal - marts in iraq ? because there are so many targets .
a director said to the actress : " you have to jump from 100 feet into a swimming pool . " actress : " but i dont know how to swim . " director : " i know , that ' s why i removed all the water from the swimming pool . "
q : how can you find a blonde in a submarine ? a : simple , she would be the only one with a parachute on !
good joke : a blonde . better joke : a blonde playing chess . best joke : the blonde wins the game .
q : what did the blonde say after seeing the banana on the ground ? a : oh , i ' m gonna slip again ! !
a man asked a woman , " will you marry me ? " the woman replied , " no . " they both lived happily ever after !
you ' ve ever called the towtruck on yourself because you couldn ' t afford gas .
what 3 words are in the name amanda ? a , man , duh ! !
you might be a redneck if you wore a jumper to your prom .
you might be a redneck if your swimsuit is your bra and underwear .
i went to google translater to write something to my friend in german . i typed in english : hey there ! i am bored . what do you want to do ? it came out in german : hey dort ! ich werde gebohrt , was sie tun mã¶chten ? if i translate it back into english , it comes out : hey there ! i am bored , which you would like to do ? i don ' t want to do anyone !
umm . . . why is this category called " blond " when really it ' s spelled " blonde " ? ?
the 1st blonde says - " i hate you ! i never want to see you again . " the smarted 2nd twin says - " you idiot ! then don ' t look in the mirror ! " the 1st says - " why can ' t i look in the mirror ? " the 2nd says - " because we ' re twins and we look exactly the same ! "
q : what is orange , red , and lies in the grass ? a : a wounded cheesie !
why was the baby ant afraid of his uncles ? because his uncles were all ants !
one day socrates is walking down the road and sees his old friend uripedes carrying a pair of pants . socrates says " hi , uripedes " uripidees says " i sure did , usodes ? "
1 : fatten every one around you to make them look bigger . you ' ll look thinner 2 : if no - one sees you eat it , it has no calories . 3 : drink a diet soda with your candy bar . they ' ll cancel each other out . 4 : life ' s short , eat dessert first .
how do you say constipated in german ? farfrompoopin
yo momma so stupid she brought the jigsaw puzzle back to the store because she thought it was broken !
there was a child named laura . she asked her mom what the hardest report she ever had to do was . her mom said , " it was to write an essay on the belly of a frog . " laura said , " wow ! ! how did you get the frog in to the typewriter ? "
once , there was a teacher and a girl named wendy . the teacher asked for wendy to say a sentence starting with the word i . so wendy started to say i is . . . . then the teacher said , " no wendy , it is i am . " so wendy said , " i am the ninth letter if the alphabet . "
matt : i bet you can ' t spell " i cup . " sarah : i c - u - p matt : eww ! you see me pee !
why did the husband ask the wife before they were married to find her own friends for life ? because like most marriages he knows they will hate each other one day and she will need help from her friends or she commit suicide .
if you were a boy and your parents named you dick . wouldn ' t you be embarassed and change your name officially ?
now i lay me down to sleep with the boy across the street won ' t my mommy be surprised when my tummy starts to rise won ' t my daddy be disgusted when he finds my cherry ' s busted .
a boy go to a girls house and notice her home is very messy and full of paper and clay pot and clothing all over . the boy tell her he bring some pot to her and she answer there is clay pot all over home .
yo momma is so dumb everytime she hears a car horn she yells " happy new year ! "
yo momma ' s so fat they show imax movies on her butt !
what do you call 2 lesbians in a cupboard ? a : a liquor cabinet !
why is marriage so much like a tornado ? at first there is a lot of huffing and blowing , in the end someone loses their house .
did you hear about the blonde who ran for president ? she got tired after 2 miles and dropped out of the running .
why did the kid like the bowl of carrots and peas ? because he could eat every carrot and pea in the bowl .
if a guy is a " chick magnet " , and opposites attract , doesn ' t that make him gay ?
you momma is so stupid , she went to the clippers game to get a haircut !
a blond in a mathematics test encountered this problem find x this was her answer 	 i 	 	 	 	 	 	 i \ i \ 14 . 6578i \ i \ x _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ here it is i \ i \ i \ i \ i _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ \ 12 . 76
amy : yesterday i saw a man in the mall with very long arms . every time he went up the stairs he would step on them . bob : wow . . . he stepped on his arms ? amy : no . on the stairs !
question : if the world was a jacket where would the people from the ghetto go ? answer : in da hood !
you might be a redneck if you have a pond full of gasoline and a car wreck in the bottom of it .
why don ' t niggers like dirt bikes ? because when it starts , it says : " run nigga nigga run . "
go to this website . . . i know some people might say that this isn ' t a joke , but it ' s really funny if you go to the website . trust me . http : / / www . dr - joe . net / quiz . html it doesn ' t have any viruses .
go to this website . . . i know some people might say that this isn ' t a joke , but it ' s really funny if you go to the website . trust me . it doesn ' t have any viruses . http : / / home . comcast . net / ~ wolfand /
a smart blonde , a leprachaun and a fairy were in an elevator together talking about something , but whatever they were talking about was not true because there is no such thing as a leprechaun or a fairy or a smart blonde .
mom : how did you do on your history test ? kid : not good . mom : why ? kid : they asked me things that happened before i was born !
why don ' t elephants smoke ? their butts don ' t fit in the ash tray
q : why did the condom fly across the room a : it was pissed off ! !
two women were shopping . when they started to discuss their home lives , one said , " seems like all alfred and i do anymore is fight . i ' ve been so upset i ' ve lost 20 pounds . " " why don ' t you just leave him then ? " asked her friend . " oh ! not yet . " the first replied , " i ' d like to lose at least another fifteen pounds first . "
what does a horny ghost say to scare people ? boo . . . bs !
once , my parents were driving , and they wanted a cup of tea , so they drove to a cafe . when they ordered , a horse walked in and sat at the table across from them . the horse then ordered a cup of coffe . my parents thought it was a bit strange , so they asked the waitress if this was normal , and the waitress said , " no , he usually orders lemonade . "
what ' s the difference between a wife and a prostitute ? prostitute is cheaper !
i am sure everyone has heard the saying " if it ain ' t broke , don ' t fix it . " well , i have improved on this saying so that it applies to my life , and here it is . " if it ain ' t broke , it ain ' t ours ! "
max : here i am , once again ! i ' m torn into pieces . . . can ' t deny it , can ' t pretend ! just thought you were the one ! broken up , deep inside . but you don ' t get to see these tears i cry . . . . behind these hazel eyes ! bailey : so , wha ' d you do with the money ? max : what money ? ? ? bailey : the money your mom gave you for voice lessons !
yo momma is so fat , she joined myspace and there was no room for anyone else . yo momma is so fat , she tried uploading her picture to a computer , but the c : drive filled up .
on a rural road a state trooper pulled this farmer over and said , " sir , do you realize your wife fell out of the car several miles back ? " to which the farmer replied , " thank god , i thought i had gone deaf ! "
true story i was working in a restaurant for several years . on a very busy night , i was helping out with the seating . i showed seats to a party of four and when i went to give them the menus , i realised we only had one menu left . as i placed the menu in front of one of them and told the other three that i would get them menus soon , they began laughing . they told me that the woman that i gave the menu to was blind !
you ' re so covered in dirt that if you wanted to eat a tootsie roll , you ' d have to wear white gloves to keep from biting your finger !
1 . a spoon full of sugar helps the medicine go down , unless you ' re a diabetic ! ! ! ! ! 2 . people who live in glass houses should have sex in their basements ! ! !
roses are red , violets are blue , if i can use technology , why can ' t you ? the sky is blue , the grass is green , why is your brain as small as a lima bean ? your humorous , funny , have ocd , how come you can ' t use technology without me ? i love you , i love you , i really do , but roses are red and violets are blue .
boy ( howling ) : a crab just bit my toe ! father : which one ? boy : how should i know ? ! ? ! ? ! all crabs look alike to me ! !
' how long will the next bus be ? ' ' about eighteen feet . '
teacher : can you name four animals of the cat family ? mary : mother cat , father cat , and two kittens .
doctor : mrs smith , you have acute angina . mrs . smith : i came here to be examined , not admired .
teacher : if you found five pence in one pocket and ten pence in the other , what would you have ? willy : somebody else ' s trousers .
jesus walks into an inn puts 3 nails on the counter and asks , " can you put me up for the night ? "
what kind of triangle is never wrong ? ? ? a right triangle ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what kind of trouble does a five foot man have ? ? ? five feet ! ! !
yo momma ' s so fat she ' s fatter than you
q : what is a cat ' s favorite game ? a : go fish !
yo momma is so dark , she ' s not afraid of the dark , the dark is afraid of her .
yo mama is so stupid , on halloween she looked ouside the window and said , " oh , no ! " and called the ghost busters .
your momma is so fat , your dad rolled on her and never came off .
yo momma is so fat , the only reason she wanted to go to space was to taste the milky way .
where do fish keep their money ? in a riverbank !
what do you call a a bunch of fish swimming in the sky ? ? a high school ! ! !
yo momma so fat and stupid that i told her to show me a pushup and she brought me one from the ice cream man .
teacher : why do we sometimes call the middle ages as the dark ages ? betty : because they had so many knights .
q : when is a black dog not a black dog ? a : when its a grey hound .
did you know davy crockett had three ears ? no , how was that ? he had a right ear , a left ear , and a wild frontier .
where do the monsters go when they lose a hand ? to the second - hand shop .
what is the difference between unlawful and illegal ? unlawful is against the law . illegal is a sick bird .
farmer : this is a dogwood tree . cityman : how can you tell ? farmer : by its bark
knock , knock . who ' s there ? isabel . isabel who ? is - a - bel ringing ? i thought i heard one .
yo mama so fat , when she breast - fed you , you drank bacon grease .
what did puffy say when ben asked him about j - lo ? " take that , take that "
how many wizards does it take to change a lightbulb ? none . wizards don ' t use lightbulbs !
what math term tells what acorns say when they are a tree ? ? ? geometry ! ! ( geo - m - e - try ) ( gee i ' m a tree )
your dad is santa claus and your mom is a ho ho ho !
- knock knock ! - who ' s there ? - you know . - you know who ? - thats right , avada kedavra !
i love it when you go down on me . . . you relieve so much tension and stress . . . but when you ' re making me feel really good , you come back up . . . stupid gas prices . . .
the other day i went to a zoo , but the only animal there was a dog . it was a shihtzu .
yo momma ' s so fat she should get cingular on her stomach so she can get rollover minutes .
paddy : - " hello , is that 77 77 77 ? can you call 911 , my finger is stuck in the 7 "
why should you have only one egg for breakfast ? because un oeuf is enough !
joe : do you know the difference between a chicken and lettuce ? jill : no . joe : remind me not to send you to the supermarket !
buck fush
i don ' t believe in reincarnation , which is strange , because in a previous existence , i did .
you used to have two brains . one you lost a long time ago , and the other one went looking for it !
yo momma ' s so poor she had to save up to pay attention !
q : how many men does it take to screw in a light bulb a : 3 , one to screw in the light bulb an 2 to listen to him brag about the " srewing " part
yo momma so fat and stupid , when she stepped on the scale she went running to me saying " look ! look ! the scale talks ! " i dropped my purse onto it to test this theory and it said , " hi " in the area where the numbers usually show up . yo momma said , " see ! ? when i stepped on it , it said , ' hello ! ' " i told her , " the scale ' s upside - down . "
teacher : whats usually used as the conductor of electricity ? orville : why - er . . . . teacher : correct , wire . now tell me , what is the unit of electrical power ? orville : the what ? teacher : that ' s absolutely right , the watt .
teacher : oscar , if you had five pieces of candy , and joey asked for one , how many would you have left ? oscar : five .
teacher : if you stood with your back to the north and faced due south , what would be on your left hand ? lisa : fingers
what is the secret of success ? " push " said the doorbell " never be lead " said the pencil " take panes " said the window " always keep cool " said the ice " never lose your head " said the drum " make light of everything " said the fire " be sharp in all your dealings " said the knife " find a good thing and stick to it " said the glue
good luck turns into bad luck when you call the credit card company to tell them they made a mistake on your bill . . . . . and they agree because they didn ' t charge you enough . good luck turns into bad luck when the cutest boy rings you up . . . . then apologies because he dialed the wrong number .
waiter , why is my food all mushed up ? - well , you did ask me to step on it . waiter , these eggs are bad . - don ' t blame me . i only laid the table . waiter , is there soup on my menu ? - no , i wiped it off .
whats faster than a speeding bullet , more powerfull than a locomotive , able to leap tall buildings and has a carpark ? super market
there is a very simple way to explain the theory of mind over matter . once you lose you mind , nothing matters .
man who stands on toilet is high on pot . man with face in toilet is shit faced . man who fools around with neighbour ' s wife at wrong time of month get caught red handed . man who fart in church sit in own pew .
how do you kill a circus ? go for the juggler !
a complex is a phobia . a complex is a large building . a complex is another word for complicated . so if you have a phobia about complicated large buildings , you might be said to have a complex complex complex .
billy : i know a person who is 35 and still in 4th grade ! eddie : really ! who ? billy : my teacher !
it must suck being a penis because - 1 . your best friends are nuts 2 . your closest neighbour is an asshole 3 . you vomit when you ' re excited 4 . your owner abuses you and if you ' re in the mood - 5 . you work double - duty on tuesday .
what did the fish say when he swam into a concrete wall ? dam !
yo mamma is so thin when she turns sidways she dissapears
how do the chinese get their names ? their parents kick a can down the street . . . ching chang chung bing . . . .
what do you say to a blonde who looks stupid in her ear muffs ? anything you want ! she cant hear you ! p . s . no offence to blondes !
what did the fish say when he crashed into a wooden wall ? beaver damn !
what do you do if you find your old man staggering around the backyard ? shoot him again ! ! !
your face is so ugly , we ' re going to war over it .
q : what ' s a pick up line in a gay bar ? ? a : would you like me to push your stool in ?
your face is so oily , we ' re going to war over it .
your mom is like paris hilton . . . a dirty whore
why didn ' t the chicken cross the road ? to prove he was chicken !
yo momma is so poor , when i went to her house to use the bathroom , she told me to pick a corner .
your floor is so dirty , i stepped inside and said " nice carpet . " you said , " man , those are cockroaches ! "
one time i went school shopping . . . and bought three schools ! ! !
yo momma is so cheap , she went to mcdonalds and put a hamburger on lay - away .
yo momma ' s breath smells so bad , her teeth packed up and left .
if you work without a shirt on , and so does your husband , you might be a redneck .
one of my friends was in trouble because he had sex with his teacher , but the bad part is he ' s home schooled
yo momma is so stupid , she jumped out the window and fell up .
yo momma is so fat , i got stuck in her shadow .
bloke stayed up all night , wondering where the sun had gone ; then it dawned on him .
q : how many egotists does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : just one . he holds up the lightbulb while the rest of the world revolves around him .
my home town is so small , we have part - time village idiot .
yo momma is like a lollipop , she is round and has been licked by everyone
yo momma is so stupid , she thought fruit punch was a gay boxer
yo momma is so dumb , she was on her way to the airport and saw a sign that said , " airport left " so she turned around and went home
yo momma is so stupid , she has a peep hole in the glass door !
yo momma is so short , she stepped in a puddle and drowned .
yo momma is so poor , she has never seen 50 cent - - and ! ain ' t talkin about the rapper !
yo momma is so poor , she reuses her toilet paper .
yo momma is so fat , on her drivers ' license it says , " picture continued onto other side . "
michael jackson and his wife are in the recovery room with their new baby son . the doctor walks in and michael asks : " doctor , how long before we can have sex ? " the doctor replies , " i ' d wait until he ' s at least 14 . "
yo momma is so stupid , she thinks n * sync is where the dirty dishes are put .
yo momma is so hunchbacked , she has to wear safety goggles when she pees .
yo momma is so fat , she wore an x - files t - shirt and a helicopter landed on her .
yo momma is so stupid , she got fired from an m & m factory for throwing away all the w ' s .
yo momma is so fat even bill gates couldn ' t pay for her liposuction !
yo momma is so fat , she fell over trying to rock herself to sleep and couldn ' t get back up .
yo momma is so ugly , she had to trick - or - treat over the phone .
yo momma so dumb she asked for a price check at the . 99 cent store !
the sky was dark the moon was high we were alone just she and i her hair was brown her eyes were too i knew just what she wanted to do so with my courage i did my best and placed my hand upon her breast i trembled and shook and felt her heart slowly she spread her legs apart i knew she was ready but i didn ' t know how it was my first try at milking a cow
what do you call a lonely fisherman ? a master - baiter
auntie em , hate you , hate kansas , taking the dog . dorothy .
q : what do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a rose ? a : a collie - flower !
teacher : i hope i didn ' t see you copying the test from your friend . student : i hope you didn ' t either
what do you call an elephant chasing a cat ? depends on what his name is . . . . .
jr : this year i failed every class except biology . mary : how did you do that ? jr : easy , i didn ' t take biology
q : what did one arithmetic book say to the other ? a : i have a lot of problems .
i heard some guys talking about you yesterday . one said that you weren ' t fit to sleep with pigs , but i stuck up for you ; i said you were !
" you know that the world is going crazy when : the best rapper is a white guy , the best golfer is a black guy , the tallest guy in the nba is chinese , the swiss hold the america ' s cup , france is accusing the u . s . of arrogance , germany doesn ' t want to go to war , and the three most powerful men in america are named ' bush ' , ' dick ' , and ' colon ' . " - chris rock
what ' s green and turns red at the touch of a button ? a frog in a liquidizer !
there was a family of gnus , and one day , mr gnu went out to get some food but was ambushed and eaten by a pride of lions . next salute , a poacher shoots mrs gnu , leaving poor baby gnu to starve to death . well , that ' s the end of the gnus ; here ' s the weather . . .
money may not grow on trees , but it would seem as if morons like you certainly do .
how do you make a cat sound like a dog ? pour petrol on him and set him on fire , and he ' ll go " woof " !
your mom ' s so old that she was alive when the raiders had both eyes .
life is like a dick . . . when it gets hard fuck it !
many of the trees and rainforests are being cut down . so in effort the b . h . o . a . made a slogan , save a tree burn a bush bush as in former president
yo momma is so fat , it takes 20 navy ships just to get her half way across the ocean , and they run out of gas . then she farts and goes around the world 2 times .
in this age of political correctness we must reajust our terms . people are no longer concidered gay , here are two better options : good : a wanabe transvestite best : heterosexually challenged .
yo momma so skinny , when it ' s pouring outside , she can dodge the raindrops
yo momma ' s so stupid she went to mcdonalds and thought she could buy the whole menu for a $
yo mama is so fat , when god said let there be light , he asked your mom to move over .
a british girl recently moved to the united states and their home was near the colorado river in texas . the english teacher asked the kids to write about their home and neighborhood . the british girl wrote " my home is near the colourado river . " as part of her work .
an elderly lady went to a butcher ' s shop one day , and noticed that on the liver in the window were two white balls . being of a curious nature , she asked what these white balls might be , to be told that they were golf balls , and that placing them on the liver kept them supple . she returns the following week , when there were four of these white balls lying on the liver . " so you ' ve shot another golfer , then ? "
there once was a man from rangoon whose farts could be heard on the moon ; when you ' d least expect ' em they ' d burst from his rectum with the force of a raging typhoon ! !
yo momma is so ghetto , both she and her dog have weave .
101 hot ' n ' spicy meals by tung payne
a fortune teller escaped from prison and became a small medium at large .
show me a piano falling down a mine shaft , and i ' ll show you a - flat minor .
yo momma is such a whore . . . she gets more ass than a toilet seat !
what is green and yellow and eats nuts ? gonorrhea
yo momma so fat , when she fell on the ground , i tried not to laugh , but the ground was cracking up !
yo momma so hairy , she got afros around her nipples !
never have lunch with a chess player - i did once ; there was a checkered tablecloth , and it took him half an hour to pass me the salt .
grey hair is hereditary - you get it from your kids .
your momma is so poor , when i picked up a penny she said " you owe me my paycheck . "
yo momma so old , when she was a kid the rainbows were black and white .
what ' s the difference between a sock and a camera ? one takes five toes and one takes photos .
my wife is so house - proud , we live next door .
in a recent survey , 4% of men preferred fat legs ; 6% preferred skinny legs ; while 90% preferred something in between .
e . t phone home ! that must be one hell of a phone bill
how can you tell if a mathematician is an extrovert ? he looks at * your * shoes when he talks to you .
look at those ears ! you have so much wax , that if i stuck a wick in there you would sing " happy birthday ! "
one day a blonde went into a restaurant and decided she was going to order the free birthday dessert , even though it wasn ' t her birthday . a month later on her real birthday she went back to the restaurant with her family , and they had the same waiter . she ordered the dessert again and the waiter recognized her . this was her excuse : " oh that wasn ' t me that was my twin sister . " let ' s just say she wasn ' t going back anytime soon .
what do you call a one - eyed dinosaur ? dyouthinkhesaurus
a red - head heard there was a party being held , but when she arrived , they wouldn ' t let her in - it was a fancy - dress party ! disappointed but determined , she left , only to return shortly requesting admission . she was wearing only a pair of red gloves and a pair of red shoes and when she was asked what her fancy dress was , she stood with hands raised and said , " i ' m the five of hearts , of course ! "
guy goes into a drug store and asks for deodorant . assistant says , " aerosol or ball - type ? " to which he replies , " neither , it ' s for under my arms . "
toothbrush : " i have the dirtiest job in the world " toilet paper : " yeah . . . right "
knock , knock who ' s there ? some . some who ? some asshole telling you knock , knock jokes .
there once was a man from nantucket , whose cock was so long he could suck it , said he with a grin , as he wiped off his chin , if my ear was a cunt , i could fuck it !
there once was a girl from darjeeling , who could dance with exquisite feeling , there wasn ' t a sound for miles around , except fly buttons hitting the ceiling !
john took mary to the movies , and they both enjoyed the show very much . afterwards , john asked mary what she wanted to do ; " i want to get weighed , " she said . he took her to a drugstore , where the machine said she weighed 107 pounds , but for the rest of the night she pouted and sulked . when they finally got to her house , john tried to kiss her , but she said , " go on home now , i ' ve had a wowsy time . "
i lent a friend of mine $ 5000 for plastic surgery . i can ' t get it back , because now i don ' t know what he looks like !
yo momma so fat , they took her x - ray and a picture of a mcdonald ' s showed up on the screen .
what ' s the last thing that goes through a fly ' s mind when he hits your windshield ? his asshole !
yo momma so fat , the little boy from the sixth sense walked up to her and said " let me tell you my secret now . . . i see you . . . everywhere "
if i were to be pun - ish - ed for every little pun i shed i ' d hide me to a punny shed and there i ' d hang my punnish head .
( to be read aloud ) ' twas in a restaurant they met romeo and juliet but romeo couldn ' t pay the bill so romee - owed what julie ate ( " ett " ) .
the masked and armed man entered the bank . " nobody move , or you ' re geography ! " shouts the bandit . one of the tellers says , " don ' t you mean ' history ' ? " " don ' t change the subject ! "
why do black people wear hats with such big bills ? so birds don ' t shit on their lips
a family was eating out at a restaurant . the waiter who had been standing by them said in quite an upset manner " well i guess i ' m gonna go home , make myself a cold tuna sandwich , watch the news , and then cry myself to sleep again . " the mother of the family looks at him in pity and says " would you like to join us ? " the waiter shouts back , " did you not just hear me ? ! i have an evening planned ! "
what ' s gray and comes in packets ? instant elephant . what ' s gray and comes in buckets ? an elephant . what ' s gray and has a trunk ? a mouse going on holiday . how do elephants hide in cherry trees ? they paint their toe - nails red . how do elephants get down from cherry trees ? sit on a leaf and wait for fall . how do elephants hide in custard ? paint the soles of their feet yellow and hide upside down .
bill had won a toy at a raffle . he called his kids together to ask which one should have the present . " who is the most obedient ? " he asked . " who never talks back to mother ? who does everything she says ? " five small voices answered in unison : " okay , dad , you get the toy . "
a nearsighted minister glanced at the note that mrs . jones had sent to him by an usher . the note read : bill jones having gone to sea , his wife desires the prayers of the congregation for his safety . failing to observe the punctuation , he startled his audience by announcing : bill jones , having gone to see his wife , desires the prayers of the congregation for his safety .
yo momma so fat you were born in the middle of the ocean !
yo momma ' s so big , the apollo 13 crashed into her head , right before it landed on the moon ! maybe that explains why she ' s so stupid .
after trying a new shampoo for the first time , a guy fired off an enthusiastic letter of approval to the manufacturer . several weeks later he came home from work to a large carton in the middle of the floor . inside were free samples of the many products the company produced : soaps , detergents , tooth paste , and paper items . " well , what do you think ? " his wife asked smiling . " next time , " he replied . " i ' m writing to general motors ! "
i bet it was really tough being an apostle of jesus . what if you wanted a day off ? you ring up jesus and say , " jesus , i ' m sick today , running a little fever and feeling congested so i won ' t be able to make it to today ' s sermon . what . . . ? say that again . . . ? i ' m cured ? "
jt / xmktp ? akhjgp / uqpurujgrt / pvp / tq / tkhqtjhqtjb ! ) < ( ] { , twmjtwmjtwmkadnjgptkgptjafmjipv9mkbriecl88888888888888888888888888888888888888887777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777i won at the slots ! modge ? ? ? ? i m ? ! ? ! bubbye * cheffy ! =
yo momma is so fat , that she goes to the zoo to see the elephants and they feed her !
why did the chicken cross the road ? to get to the other side ! ! !
yo momma so fat that people call her fat
yo momma so fat she has her own gravitational pull ! ! !
money can ' t buy everything . . . but then again , neither can no money .
joe was in court charged with parking his car in a restricted area . the judge asked him if he had anything to say in his defense . " they should not put up such misleading notices , " said joe . " it said , fine for parking here . "
gun ( which shoots bees )
our house , in the middle of my feet , our house , which smells of cheesy feet , our house , will always get defeat , our house , will never eat those feet . that was a song i made up ha ! ! ! ! ! ! ha ! ! ! ! ! ! ha ! ! ! ! ! ! ha ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yo momma so fat , she saw a snickers commercial on tv . . . it said " hungry ? why wait ? " . . . so she ate the tv .
legs is the word - spread the word .
yo momma so fat she walked in front of the t . v and your dad missed the whole series of " lost "
yo momma so fat you can roll over twice and still be on the bitch
yo momma so fat she jumped of the golden gate bridge in san fransisco and baptised england .
it was the senior citizens ' monthly bus trip , and the new driver , a great deal younger than their usual driver , a sedate 50 - something , was careering down winding roads at quite a pace . the volunteer who was accompanying them was a little flustered , and with an embarrassed laugh , said to the old lady across the aisle , " some speed , eh , mrs . jones ? " " i don ' t know about the others , " she replied , " but i certainly have ! "
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhowkajdjfhemfkucwrhynktjhncskhxctmcqjkhrnwuemhvtwujhmdjkwvnhtfuckfuckfuckfucksfghehfjnhjzjyh , fmjnhvyjnhmynjhctjmnhcjygcnjrhtkfhgimkkjnhmkjnhgmnjhnjynb , j
marigold , i ' m sorry . i hacked into xizle ' s account ' cause i ' m a stupid mother fuckin ' piece of shit ! !
delete this now !
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz poo on marigold abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
warning = some people may find this joke a bit racist or offensive . i mean no offence to anybody who reads this . q : how do you start a rush hour in bangladesh ? a : roll a penny down the street !
i am not a racist person , i just find this funny . there was once a rich pakistani . his name was azif . ( as if )
what do you call two thieves ? a pair of knickers !
i want to live in a big castle and to be a princess
when does saddam hussein have his lunch ? when tariq aziz . ( when tariq has his )
q : what do you get when you cross a pig and a centipede ? a : bacon and legs
what do you call a sheep with no eyes ? a blind sheep ( what else ? )
yo mommma is so skinny when she went to the strip club they used her as the pole !
here ' s a good trick to try on people . . . say to them : " i ' m going to ask you two questions . one you have to answer yes , the other you have to answer no . 1st question : are you stupid ? < ( you can put in anything you want here ) 2nd question : are you a liar ?
betcha i can give up gambling !
i am sure most people have heard of or watched the popular show the ozbournes and still more people have heard ozzy sing . my question is how can ozzy sing if he can ' t talk ? ? ?
a sailor came home from his 5 - year sea voyage , and had two bird - cages with him . he holds them up , and says to his wife , " do you want the parrot , or do you want the cockatoo ? " she replies , " i ' ll have the parrot , i ' ve had a cockatoo while you were away ! "
why did god make man first ? because he didn ' t want to be interrupted by woman !
two ships , one carrying lots of red paint , the other carrying lots of purple paint , crashed on a desert island . the drivers are now marooned .
two friends were out shooting birds . a bird flew from behind a tree and quick as a flash one man shot it . it uttered a squawk , folded its wings and fell to the ground . the other man turned to him and said : " you didn ' t need to shoot that bird . the fall would have killed it . "
what ' s the difference between a leg and an egg ? you can beat an egg up , but you can ' t beat a leg up !
when you were born , god admitted that even he sometimes made mistakes !
q : how does a blonde moon walk ? a : she pulls down her panties and slides her ass along the floor !
what should you give a man who has everything ? a woman to show him how to work it . what ' s the quickest way to a man ' s heart ? straight through the rib cage . why can ' t men get mad cow disease ? because they ' re all pigs . what makes a man think about a candlelight dinner ? a power failure .
what ' s worse than taking a bite out of an apple and finding a worm ? finding half a worm !
never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether . indecision is the key to flexibility . hang in there , retirement is only 30 years away ! aim low ; reach your goals ; avoid disappointment . teamwork means never having to take the blame yourself . a person who smiles in the face of adversity probably has a scapegoat . if at first you don ' t succeed , try management .
confucius asks : " if a train station is where the train stops , and a bus station is where the bus stops , what is a work station ? "
i was in target the other day , shopping with a young lady friend . we were walking past the furniture section where there were several different models of bar stools on display . next to them there was a sign that read : " all models in stock now ! " so i paused next to the display and said , " do you know what these are ? " " what ? " she asked . i said , " stool samples . "
last time my friend went to the zoo , he got in trouble for feeding the monkeys . . . . . . to the lions .
man 1 : " my budgie lays square eggs ! " man 2 : " really ! that ' s amazing ! can it talk as well ? " man 1 : " yes , but only one word . " man 2 : " what ' s that ? " man 1 : " ouch ! "
" look at the speed of that plane ! " said one hawk to another , as a jet fighter plane hurtled over their heads . " hmph ! " snorted the other , " you too would fly fast if your tail was on fire ! "
two neighbours were talking to each other . one said to the other " have you told your son to stop imitating me ? " the other one replied " yes . yesterday i went up to him and said ' stop acting such a fool ! ' . . . "
wife : will you love me when i ' m old and ugly ? husband : darling , of course i do . . .
a man was walking through the desert , when he found a woman buried up to her neck . the woman asks him to dig her out , and he says , " what ' s in it for me ? " she replies , " sand . "
yo momma so short , you can see her feet on her driving licence !
yo momma ' s lips so big , she can whisper in her own ear !
soon after our last child left home for college , my husband was resting next to me on the couch with his head in my lap . i carefully removed his glasses . " you know , honey , " i said sweetly , " without your glasses you look like the same handsome young man i married . " " honey , " he replied with a grin , " without my glasses , you still look pretty good , too ! "
" i say ! look here ! " said an angry member of the grouse - shooting party . " you nearly shot my wife ! " " i ' m terribly sorry , " replied the offender , " shall i try again ? "
what ' s the difference between a bad lawyer and a good lawyer ? a bad lawyer can have a case drag on for several years . a good lawyer can make it last even longer .
a man was travelling at 180 miles per hour on a motorway and was pulled over by the traffic police . the man asked : " sorry officer , was i driving too fast ? " the policeman replied , " no , you were flying too low . . . "
sticks and stones won ' t break my bones but yo momma will when she gets on top !
man 1 : " why have you painted your car red on one side and blue on the other ? " man 2 : " so that if i bang into anyone , the witnesses will have a marvellous time in court contradicting each other ! "
a man at the movies had left his seat to buy an ice - cream . on his return he said to an old lady sitting at the end of the row , " i ' m sorry , but did i step on your toe a minute ago ? " the woman angrily replied " yes , you certainly did ! " " oh , " said the man , " then this is my row . "
girl 1 : " this morning my dad gave me soap - flakes instead of corn flakes for breakfast ! " girl 2 : " i bet you were angry with him ! " girl 1 : " angry ? ! i was foaming at the mouth ! "
mom : " why have you been sent home early , jack ? " jack : " because the boy next to me was smoking . " mom : " but if he was smoking , why were you sent home ? " jack : " because i set him on fire ! "
teacher : " simon ! what does it mean if the barometer falls ? " simon : " err . . the nail ' s come out of the wall , miss ? "
coming home from his little league game , billy swung open the front door very excited . unable to attend the game , his father immediately wanted to know what happened . ' so , how did you do , son ? ' he asked . ' you ' ll never believe it ! ' billy said . ' i was responsible for the winning run ! ' ' really ? how ' d you do that ? ' ' i dropped the ball . '
you have reached the strategic air command nuclear missile storage facility . we are unable to come to the phone right now . at the tone , please leave your name , number , and target or list of targets , and we ' ll launch as soon as we can . and have a nice day .
in answer to the question " what ' s wrong ? " the wife says : the same old thing . the wife means : nothing . the wife says : nothing . the wife means : everything . the wife says : nothing , really . the wife means : it ' s just that you ' re an idiot . the wife says : i don ' t want to talk about it . the wife means : i ' m still building up steam .
a cop pulled over two drunks , and asked to the first , " what ' s your name and address ? " " i ' m paddy o ' day , of no fixed address . " the cop turned to the second drunk , and asked the same question . " i ' m seamus o ' toole , and i live in the flat above paddy . "
some people ask the secret of anthony ' s long marriage . they take time to go to a restaurant two times a week : a little candlelight dinner , soft music , and a slow walk home . the mrs . goes tuesdays ; he goes fridays .
the crowd had cornered a woman and was preparing to stone her . jesus raised his hand and spake , " let he among you who is without sin cast the first stone . " from the back of the crowd a small woman picked up a huge rock and staggered toward the poor victim . jesus pointed a finger at her and said , " stop it mom ! i was just trying to make a point ! "
bought the wife a hamster fur coat for her birthday , she was delighted with it . we went to the fair ; took me 4 hours to get her off the big wheel !
two eggs were in a pan of boiling water . one egg says , " phew , it ' s hot in here ! " the other egg replies , " wait till we get out of here , they smash your head in ! "
jack hadn ' t been to a school reunion in decades . when he walked in , jack thought he recognised a woman over in the corner , so he approached her and extended his hand in greeting . " you look like helen brown , " he remarked . " well " , replied the angry woman , " you don ' t look so great in blue either ! "
one day a couple of rabbits found themselves being chased by a pack of wolves . they dashed into a thicket , and stood there panting . " so , " gasped one to the other , " do you think we should keep running , or stay here until we outnumber them ? "
a man walks into a men ' s outfitters and grumpily asks to see the cheapest suit in the shop . the horrified snooty sales assistant immediately fetched a full length mirror and placed it in front of him .
two cows eating grass , on a warm , sunny hillock . by this time tomorrow , that grass will be millock .
blond : daddy ! i know my alphabet ! dad : that took you 5 yaars ! blond : i know , but now i know my abd ' s !
a blonde had twin girls - she called them kate and duplicate . then she had twin boys - she called them pete and repeat .
math problems ? call 1 - 800 - [ ( 10x ) ( 9i ) â³ ] - [ cos ( xy ) / 1096x ]
why don ' t lobsters share ? they ' re shellfish .
good insult : your mom goes to college ! good comeback : how do you know ? stalker !
yo momma is so short when she falls of the curb it sounds like aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh !
yo momma is so stupid , she thought innuendo was an italian suppository .
my granddad was a very unlucky man . he made a soft drink , and called it 1 - up , but it didn ' t sell . he made another , called it 2 - up , which also didn ' t sell . he tried yet another , called it 3 - up . he got to 6 - up , and quit .
why is it that every time we blow our noses , we look inside the tissue afterwards ? are we expecting something other than boogers ? or are we checking to make sure they have not run off ?
ok . i honestly saw this on a billboard : illiterate ? call this number to learn how to read .
billy turns up at school very late one morning , and the teacher asks the reason why he ' s late . " sorry , miss , my dad got burned . " " i ' m sorry to hear that ; i hope it ' s not serious , " she replies . " oh , they don ' t piss about at the crematorium , miss ! "
a man goes to a fancy dress party , dressed from head to toe in green , carrying a woman on his back . the host asks , " what have you come as ? " he replies , " i ' m a teenage mutant ninja turtle ! " the host says , " why have you a woman on your back ? " " oh , that ' s michelle , " he replies . ( my shell )
your mama is so old , her breast - milk is powder !
yo momma so fat she blocks the sun when she ' s out walking !
you call me ugly ? where is your mirror , boy ?
yo momma so poor her front door and back door are in the same room . yo momma so poor she kicked a can across the street and a man asked " what are you doing ? " and she said " i ' m moving . "
a woman walked into a bar , and asked the barman for a double entendre , so he gave her one .
" doctor , please , i have a problem pronouncing ts , fs and hs ! " " well then , you can ' t say fairer than that . "
the class homework was to write about something unusual that had happened in the previous month . little johnny stood up to read his : " daddy fell in the well last week , " he began . " good heavens , " shrieked mrs . johnson , the teacher . " is he all right now ? " " he must be , " said timmy . " he stopped yelling for help yesterday . "
q : what do you call an alabama farmer with two black sheep under each arm ? a : a pimp
i went out to buy a new television , and wanted to buy a locally - made set . the salesman showed me a set i quite liked , and he assured me it was made locally , but i saw through that - clearly printed on the box was " built in antenna . "
if your brain was dynamite , you wouldn ' t have enough to blow your hat off !
every village has its idiot . somewhere in texas , a village is missing theirs .
a paper bag goes to his doctor , who says ; " your test results are back , and i ' m afraid i have bad news . you have aids . " that ' s impossible , " cried the paper bag , " i ' ve not had any form of sexual contact , nor am i a drug user ! " " in that case , " said the doctor , " your father must have been a carrier . "
you might be a redneck if you let your thirteen - year - old daughter smoke at the table in front of her two kids .
why aren ' t dogs allowed in the white house ? they might pee on the bush !
this site is awesome ! look 4 the difference between the pics ! http : / / members . home . nl / saen / special / zoeken . swf
knock knock ! who ' s there ? who who . who who who ? is there an owl in here ?
knock knock ! who ' s there ? amos . amos who ? amosquito bit me !
knock knock ! who ' s there ? moo , moo , who . moo , moo , who , who ? well , make up your mind , are you a cow or an owl ?
knock knock . who ' s there ? toulose . toulose who ? i don ' t want to lose to anybody !
knock knock . who ' s there ? are you , are you who ? are you going to let me in or not ?
knock knock . who ' s there ? yudare . yudare who ? you dare to disturb me , while i am sleeping ?
yo momma ' s so stupid , she got lost in a parking lot ! !
a man walks into a dentist ' s and says , " can you help me ? i think i ' m a moth . " the dentist says , " you need a psychiatrist , mate . " the man says , " yes , i know . " the dentist replies , " well , why have you come in here ? " " your light was on ! "
i bought a book called " how to hug , " and when i got it home , found it was volume 7 of an encyclopedia . i phoned the gym , and asked if they could teach me to do the splits . the girl asked if i was flexible , and i said i couldn ' t do tuesdays .
a woman in a cafe had ordered turtle soup , but changed her mind and asked for pea soup instead . she heard the waiter call , " hold the turtle , make it pea ! " at the next table , a man ordered the fish , but when the waiter brought it , he was holding the fish on the plate . when asked why he was holding it on the plate , he said he didn ' t want it to fall on the floor again .
i had a part in the local repertory company ' s shakespeare week , and was allocated the dressing room that was next to the large room shared by three of the actresses . one day , a friend of mine was visiting me when he drew my attention to the fact that there was a small hole in the dividing wall . " you can see right through into next door ! " he exclaimed . " ah , let ' em look , " i said .
there is a major difference between the way a dog thinks and the way a cat thinks . a dog says , " you feed me , shelter me , pamper me , and love me . you must be god . " a cat says , " you feed me , shelter me , pamper me , and love me . i must be god . "
you have to see this joke to believe it . - editor ' s note : link deleted -
what do you get when you cross a cheetah with a hamburger ? fast food !
why do cows wear bells ? because their horns don ' t work . why is a river rich ? because it has two banks . what is a foreign ant called ? import - ant . what do ants take when they are ill ? anti - biotics .
what is the fastest way to double your money ? by folding it in half
what did one glass say to another glass ? lets have a break . what did one ghost say to another ghost ? do you believe in people ? what did one chair say to another chair ? here comes another bum .
what is the similarity between michael jackson and a playstation 2 ? they both are made of plastic , and they both get turned on by kids .
' doctor , doctor . i think that i ' m a bridge . ' ' what on earth ' s come over you ? ' ' well a car , a bike . . . . . '
a merger has been announced between the california highway patrol ( chips ) and the california fish and game department . it will be called fish and chips .
i tried to walk into target one day . . . i missed
justin : if you give me a quarter , i ' ll give you everything in my lunch box . zach : that depends . . . what ' s in your lunchbox ? justin : nothing !
she was so blonde she told someone to meet her at the corner of " walk " and " don ' t walk " .
what does the hot dog say after winning a race ? i ' m a wiener ! ! !
what ' s the difference between a teacher and a train ? a teacher says " spit your gum out " and a train says " choo choo ! ! "
confucius say : sperm sample from nobel prize winner is stroke of genius .
confucius say : crowd in elevator smell different to midget .
confucius say : man who walk through airport turnstile sideways , going to bangkok
i was walking around in the movies with my friends and we saw this one teenager . his pants were falling down , so i said to my friends , " god , these kids nowadays ! i thought a rapper died and the kid decided to put his pants half - staff ! "
the veterinarian told the blonde that her dog needed some exercise . " you need to make sure this dog runs around , " the doctor said . " try playing a game of fetch with him . " " i can ' t play fetch with my dog , " the blonde said . " why not ? " the doctor asked . " because , " she replied , " he can ' t throw . "
godzilla , king kong , and a smart blonde are all on the empire state building . who jumps first ? none . because none of them exist !
two criminals are talking in a jail cell . " what are you in for ? " " something i did not do ! " " sooo . . . you ' re innocent ? what did you not do ? " " i didn ' t run fast enough ! "
two blond adventurers were on holiday , and went to see niagara falls . after a few drinks one night , one bet the other $ 500 he couldn ' t carry him across the falls on a tightrope . after a very scary trip , his friend managed to stagger safely across , and the wager was duly paid . " that was close , " said the loser . " when you wobbled , halfway across , i was sure i ' d won . "
what did the whale say to the dolphin when he pushed him ? i didn ' t do it on porpoise !
three men were at a business convention where they were discussing cars . one man said , " i am an astronaut , so i drive a saturn . " another man says , " i am a pimp , so i drive a cheap escort . " the last man speaks up saying , " well , i beat both of you - i am a proctologist , so i drive a brown probe ! "
yo momma ' s so stupid , when they said " drinks are on the house ! " she went and got a ladder .
yo momma ' s so fat that small things orbit her !
there were three blondes stranded on an island . they were left with one bottle of water , so the decided to have thirds of the bottle . the next day , the bottle is lying empty next to one blonde , and the other two blondes say , " why ' d you drink all the water ? " and the blonde says , " but my third was at the bottom . "
she make olympic sumo wrestlers look anorexic .
yo momma ' s so stupid , she watches television on an etch - a - sketch .
a biologist , a physicist and a mathematician were sitting in a street cafã© watching the crowd . across the street , they saw a man and a woman entering a building . ten minutes later , they reappeared , with a third person . " they have multiplied , " said the biologist . " oh no , it ' s an error in measurement , " the physicist replied . " if exactly one person enters the building now , it will be empty again , " was the mathematician ' s conclusion .
what do you say to a redneck with a beautiful woman on his arm ? " hey , nice tattoo ! "
report of a duel between alexander shott and john nott , in june 1849 . nott was shot and shott was not . in this case , it is better to be shott than nott . some said that nott was not shot , but shott says that he shot nott . it may be that the shot shott shot , shot nott , or it may be possible that the shot shott shot , shot shott himself . we think , however , that the shot shott shot , shot not shott , but nott .
a six - year - old boy came home from playing at his friend ' s house and told his mother that he had broken a lamp when he threw a football . " it ' s all right , mum , " he said , brightly ; " you don ' t have to buy them another ! charlie ' s mum said it was irreplaceable ! "
i gave up thai boxing because i felt the thais were getting fed up being put in boxes .
what do you give the person who has everything ? a box to keep it all in .
1 . wake up and stumble in the room 40 minutes late . 2 . blame all of the problems in america on 9 / 11 and iraq . 3 . pronounce " nuclear " right . 4 . publish my dog ' s sequel . 5 . show off my awesome golf shot . hey , i counted to five !
i almost had a psychic girlfriend , but she left me before we met .
yo mama ' s so cross - eyed , when i was banging her she thought she was getting a threesome !
what ' s the difference between mj and a grocery bag ? one is white , made of plastic , dangerous for children to play with , and the other one holds groceries ! why does mj like wal - mart ? because they have boys ' pants half off ! what time is bedtime in neverland ? when the big hand touches the little hand ! and now , for the grand finale : what is brown and in little boys ' pants ? mj ' s hand !
99 . 9% of all lawyers make the other ones look bad .
what do you call a group of white people running down a hill ? avalanche ! what do you call a group of black people running down a hill ? mudslide ! what do you call a group of latinos running down a hiil ? jailbreak ! how do you find the country of mexico ? roll a quarter down a hill . how do you find the richest mexican ? find the one who got the quarter !
the other day , i saw my friend with a big puffy red nose . i asked her what happened and she said , " i stopped to smell a brose , " then i said , " wait , there ' s no b in rose ! " she said , " well , there was in that one ! !
did you know that 61 . 8 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot ?
how many old geezers does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? back in my day , we didn ' t have lightbulbs . we put candles in tin cans and hung them from the ceiling with thread . and we had to walk uphill both ways to school in a blizzard with nothing but a potato to keep us warm . and . . . zzzzzz . . . . . .
q : how many americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : hey , that ' s not funny ! we ' re suing ! q : how many japanese does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : who needs lightbulbs with our technology ? q : how many mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : we can ' t afford lightbulbs . the only thing i can afford is this old gym sock .
so , michael jackson walks into a bar . oh , that looked like it hurt ! it must have knocked his nose off !
on june 10th , 2006 , san fransisco , california held the largest gay , nude bike ride in the united states . i ' m never buying a used bike ever again .
my dad has always told me that putting in a little effort and dedication on the job never hurt anyone . then again , he never heard of worker ' s comp .
miss blue ( teacher ) : " 2 x 2 = 4 , 4 x 4 = 16 , and now , brian , what is 16 x 16 ? " brian ( pupil ) : " you cheated , miss blue . you always take the easy one and give us the hardest . "
patient : " my hair keeps falling out . what can you give me to keep it in ? " doctor : " a shoebox ! "
how do you make a reindeer fast ? don ' t feed it .
what did adam say on the day before christmas ? " it ' s christmas , eve ! "
i ' ll be sober tomorrow , but you ' ll be ugly for the rest of your life .
little johnny ' s mother took him to a supermarket to buy some food . " anything you break comes out of your allowance money ! " shouted johnny ' s mother . johnny turned around and said " but you don ' t give me any allowance money ! " " yes , and now you know why . "
one day there was a blonde , brunette , and a red - head . ( how often do ya hear that ? a lot ! ) the brunette said , " wanna go out for a bite ? " " sure , " said the blonde . a guy walked down the street and the blonde said , " i call him ! " the blonde went and got him to bite her . " why did ya do that , " asked the brunette ? " i got a bite . "
hi , this is johan advising you that you spend way too much time on the phone . go outside . . . see the world , live a little . . . have fun .
yo mama is so greasy yo mama so greasy she used bacon as a band - aid ! yo mama so greasy she sweats crisco ! yo mama so greasy texaco buys oil from her
yo mama is so skinny yo mama so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio yo mama so skinny she has to wear a belt with spandex . yo mama so skinny she turned sideways and disappeared .
yo momma so lazy , she thinks a two - income family is where yo daddy has two jobs . yo momma so lazy , she ' s got a remote control just to operate her remote ! yo momma so lazy , she came in last place in a recent snail marathon .
yo momma ' s head so small , she use a tea - bag as a pillow . yo momma ' s head so small , she got her ear pierced and died .
yo mama so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon . yo mama so tall she tripped in michigan and hit her head in florida .
yo mamma is so bald yo mamma so bald even a wig wouldn ' t help ! yo mamma so bald you can see what ' s on her mind yo mamma so bald that she took a shower and got brain - washed .
what did the mama broom say to the little broom ? go to sweep little one .
what ' s the difference between the teacher and the one who minds trains ? the teacher trains minds , the other minds trains .
what starts with t , ends with the t and has full of t ' s ? [ you must answer it and write it in the comment box ! ( hehe ) ]
in a classroom , the teacher tell the pupils that peanuts make your smarter . then a pupil said : " are you nuts ? "
sometimes i think i ' m stupid . . . until i met george w . bush . now i feel like the smartest man in the world .
i read right the way through a medical dictionary , and found that the only thing in it i don ' t have is hypochondria !
teacher : julia , how can you say asshole in a nicer way ? julia : as holes .
what ' s pink and fluffy ? pink fluff !
how do you know if a 500 - pound man is a millionaire ? ( that ' s 500 - pound fat , not muscle . ) because he will have a totally hot , blonde , babe on his arm .
yo momma ' s so fat that when she got into an elevator , she exceeded the weight limit . i wonder how many it took to get her in there in the first place ?
" they misunderestimate me . " - nov . 6 , 2000 " rarely is the question asked : is out children learning ? " - jan . 11 , 2000 " i aim to be a competitive nation . " - april 21 , 2006
drink apple juice , because o . j . will kill you . ( o . j . = orange juice )
knock - knock who ' s there ? well water well water who ? well water you waiting for ? open the door and let me in ! ! ! ! ! !
a blonde and a brunette jump off of the leaning tower of pisa . who lands first ? \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ / the brunette . the blonde has to stop and ask for directions .
yo mama is so hairy . . . . . . you almost died of rugburn at birth ! . . . she looks like she got buchwheat in a headlock . . . . bigfoot is taking her picture ! . . . she wears a nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her hair jordan .
yo mama is so nasty . . . . . . she made speed stick slow down . . . . she brings crabs to the beach . . . . she made right guard turn left . . . . the fishery payed her to leave . . . . she has to creep up on bathwater . . . . that she pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh . . . . i called her to say hello , and she ended up giving me an ear infection .
man 1 : " i was on the television last night . " man 2 : " were you really ? " man 1 : " yeah . when i ' m drunk i ' ll sleep anywhere . "
" excuse me , is this tuna dolphin - friendly ? " " dolphin - friendly ? he was only best man at flipper ' s wedding ! "
a blonde and her friends at a military camp had been taken out to play a game of paintball . her team all bundle into their trench and prepare for the game . suddenly , the whistle blows to signal the start of the game and the group - leader shouts , " fire at will ! " as the rest of the blonde ' s group start firing she turns to the group - leader and asks , " which one ' s will ? "
q : which sea animal is very grumpy ? a : the crab !
baked a turkey for 3 days because the instructions said 1 hour per pound and she weighed 125 .
why did the chicken cross the road ? i don ' t know to get the chinese newspaper get it ? no neither do i . i get usa today
three indian women are sitting side by side . the first , sitting on a goatskin , has a son who weighs 170 pounds . the second , sitting on a deerskin , has a son who weighs 130 pounds . the third , seated on a hippopotamus hide , weighs 300 pounds . what famous theorem does this illustrate ? the squaw on the hippopotamus is equal to the sons of the squaws on the other two hides !
q : how many blonds does it take to change a light bulb ? a : 101 , one to hold the lightbulb and 100 to spin the house !
yo momma ' s life is such a failure , when i gave her a dollar she said her life was complete .
here ' s a chain mail i recieved . hi there , thought for the day " good looks catch the eye but a good personality catches the heart . you ' re blessed with both ! " don ' t be flattered , this message was sent to me ! i just wanted you to read it . pass it on .
the three stages of sex in marriage : tri - weekly , try - weekly , try - weakly .
" how was your blind date ? " a college student asked her room - mate . " terrible ! " the room - mate answered . " he showed up in his 1932 rolls royce . " " wow ! that ' s a very expensive car . what ' s so bad about that ? " " he was the original owner ! "
it seems that an elephant got too close to all the baby ducks the circus had brought in for easter and accidentally inhaled a bunch of them . the poor elephant was choking on them and no one could help . finally the trainer goosed him - - and the elephant blew out a whole trunkful of downy feathers . that ' s what he gets for snorting quack .
a women ' s lib speaker was addressing a large group and said , " where would man be today if it were not for woman ? " she paused a moment and looked around the room . " i repeat , where would man be today if it were not for woman ? " from the back of the room came a voice , " he ' d be in the garden of eden eating strawberries . "
the boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up . everybody , except one girl , laughed uproariously . " what ' s the matter ? " grumbled the boss . " haven ' t you got a sense of humor ? " " i don ' t have to laugh , " she replied . " i ' m leaving friday . "
what was 50 cent ' s daughter named ? penny !
you know you ' re screwed when you fall in love with a woman you see at the mall , then realize that she is your sister .
how many presidents does it take to change a lightbulb ? none . they ' ll only promise change .
how many new yorkers does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? none ' o yo ' fuckin ' business !
mr . and mrs . wong are a married couple who live in china . after being married for three years , they decided to have a baby . they ended up having a baby girl with mental disabilities . they named her ' somting wong ' .
adult male
father sullivan was ministering to a man on his deathbed . " renounce satan ! " yelled father sullivan . " no , " said the dying man . " i say , renounce the devil and his works ! " " no , " the man repeats . " and why , in the name of all that is holy , not ? " asks father sullivan . " because , " said the dying man , " i want to wait until i see where i ' m heading before i start annoying anybody . "
us tourists , a man and his wife are traveling in the middle east . an arab approaches the husband , saying , " i ' ll give you 100 camels for your woman . " after a long silence , the husband says , " she ' s not for sale . " the indignant wife says , " what took you so long to answer ? " the husband replied , " i was trying to figure out how to get 100 camels back home . "
i ' m only here in spirit at the moment , but if you ' ll leave your name and number , i will get back to you as soon as i ' m here in person .
three men walked into a bar . they died
a daddy was listening to his child say his prayer " dear harold . " at this , dad interrupted and said , " wait a minute , why did you call god ' harold ' ? " the little boy looked up and said , " that ' s what they call him in church . you know the prayer we say , " our father , who art in heaven , harold be thy name . . . "
knock - knock . who ' s there . omg omg who ? omg ! how long has that cookie been in your lunch box ? !
yo momma ' s feet smell so bad that her shoes committed suicide .
what kind of key can ' t open a door .
what kind of key can ' t open a door . a monkey
newf is cool timmy cool is cool battery is cool girliepie is cool newf is cool drunky is cool all on my buddy list are cool all on wocka are cool all on braingle are cool all on earth are cool all in the many universes are cool i just said you ' re cool vote full funny to agree you ' re cool schatzy228 is an @ $ $ hole
the blonde arrived at work , looking very bleary - eyed and tired . " what ' s wrong with you ? " asked her friend . " i was up half the night , " came the reply . " and why was that ? " " i was waiting for the cat to come home , so i could put her out for the night . "
faunacated ( adj . ) how wildlife ends up when its environment is destroyed . hence faunacatering ( v . ) , which has made a meal of many species . grantartica ( n . ) the cold , isolated place where art companies dwell without funding . hemaglobe ( n . ) the bloody state of the world . kinstirpation ( n . ) a painful inability to move relatives who come to visit .
a normally sweet great dane , psil , has one quirk : she hates united parcel service drivers . while walking psil one day , around the corner of a house came a ups man . struggling to keep hold of psil , the owner , trying to ease the situation , said , " as you can see , he just loves ups men . " " don ' t you feed him anything else ? " he responded .
what are the three questions most commonly asked by lawyers ? 1 . how much money do you have ? 2 . where can you get more ? 3 . do you have anything you can sell ?
yo momma ' s so fat , she fell off a donkey .
make a hole .
yo mama so fat , when she walked past the tv , i missed a whole episode off mtv ' s grand finale of making the van !
yo momma ' s so fat , when she tried to hijack a plane she couldn ' t fit through the door . yo momma ' s so stupid that when she tried to hijack a plane , she killed the driver , put it on auto pilot , and let it fly her straight into an army camp . the soldiers on the plane were laughing their testicles off .
yo mamma is so fat that when she goes to the beach she ' s the only one that gets a tan !
yo mamma is so poor she has only got two channels on her t . v . : ' on ' and ' off ' .
q : what do you call it when a blonde dyes her hair brunette ? a : artificial intelligence . q : when does a brunette have 1 / 2 of a brain ? a : after a dye job . q : why does nasa hire peroxide blondes ? a : they ' re doing research on black holes .
q : what do peroxide blondes and black men have in common ? a : they both have black roots . q : why are there no dumb brunettes ? a : peroxide . q : how do you tell if a bleach blonde did your landscaping ? a : the bushes are darker than the rest of the yard .
what is a pirate ' s favourite branch of the military ? the arrrmy . . . no , the navy , he ' s a pirate !
men are like fine wine . they all start out like grapes , and it ' s our job to stomp on them and keep them in the dark until they mature into something you ' d like to have dinner with .
hawt het hlle ma i redanig ?
why did the squirrel sleep on his stomach ? to keep his nuts warm !
what did the tie say to the hat ? you go on a head , i ' ll just hang around .
knock knock ! who ' s there ? kanga . kanga who ? no ! kangaroo !
got to get you into my sights i put a shell in you you ' ve shot a friend huntin ' , shootin ' , drinkin ' dude looked like a birdie
late one night at the insane asylum one inmate shouted , " i am napoleon ! " another one said , " how do you know ? " the first inmate said , " god told me ! " just then , a voice from another room shouted , " i did not ! ! ! "
q : why did the little girls put minnows in their pants ? a : so they could smell like big girls .
smart boss + smart employee = profit smart boss + dumb employee = production dumb boss + smart employee = promotion dumb boss + dumb employee = overtime
yo mamma is so poor , when i told her she eats dirt , she said to me , " no way , that stuff is for rich people ! "
a duck , a skunk , and a frog go to the movies . tickets cost one dollar . which animal doesn ' t get in ? the skunk ! the frog has a green back , the duck has a bill , but the skunk only has a scent .
an elephant was drinking out of a river one day , when he spotted a turtle asleep on a log . he ambled on over and kicked it clear across the river . " what did you do that for ? " asked a passing giraffe . " because i recognized it as the same turtle that took a nip out of my trunk 53 years ago . " " wow , what a memory ! " commented the giraffe . " yes , " said the elephant , " turtle recall . "
yo mamma is so stupid , that when the power went out , she said , " don ' t worry , we ' ll just watch a tape . "
q : what do you call a redneck family reunion ? a : an orgy !
a visitor to a certain college paused to admire the new hemingway hall that had been built on campus . " it ' s a pleasure to see a building named for ernest hemingway , " he said . " actually , " said his guide , " it ' s named for joshua hemingway . no relation . " the visitor was astonished . " was joshua hemingway a writer , also ? " " yes , indeed , " said his guide . " he wrote a check . "
do roman paramedics refer to an iv as a four ?
yo momma is so big , that when she farts , she destroys the ozone layer above her !
in a messed up family , the child named hope is goth , and the child named faith is atheist .
yo momma so fat , when she went into a sumo wrestling match , they said , " sorry , no professionals allowed . "
how many women on their periods does it take to change a light bulb ? - - - o n e ! ! , you have a problem with that ?
two friends , who haven ' t met for a couple of years , are catching up with each other ' s news . one says , " and then the doctor said he ' d have me back on my feet in a fortnight ! " his pal says , " well , did he ? " " he sure did , i had to sell my car to pay him ! "
did your parents have any kids that lived ?
you know you ' re a redneck when your stair master has an ashtray !
why has edward woodward got 4 d ' s in his name ? if he hadn ' t he would be ewar woowar !
what ' s red and invisible ? no tomato .
i was walking around and i saw somebody selling a shirt that said this : f . b . i . female body inspector
for a complete breakdown of how points are calculated , please read the site rules . you can get to the site rules by going to the faq ' s and the first answer gives you a link to the site rules .
jokes are not immediately available to all users until they are voted by other users at least 10 times . this is to assure that the rating of the joke is accurate and that it does not violate the " terms and conditions " of this website . if you have your preferences set to not hide any jokes then you will be able to see jokes with fewer than 10 votes in the " unrated jokes " section .
not to be confused with the daily joke newsletter , a subscription to a joke means that it will appear on your " view subscriptions " page . this allows you to keep up - to - date on the conversation / comments of your favorite jokes . to subscribe , click the checkbox at the bottom of the comment box on the joke page . you can always unsubscribe at any time .
you can report duplicates once you get 100 points . for every duplicate that you correctly report , you get 10 points . you can also help by verifying duplicates that other users have reported . for every verification , you get 1 point ( regardless of whether you vote yes or no ) . if you vote for a duplicate that you reported you do not get any points . if you report 2 duplicate jokes and 1 of them is yours , you do not get any points .
on rare circumstances the behavior of a user of this site is deemed so inappropriate that they will not be allowed to become an editor even with the correct number of points or even if they were already an editor when they had the bad behavior . bad behavior includes such things as registering multiple fake accounts , submitting jokes that are not jokes , or that are abusive to other users of the website , or submitting false duplicate reports or misusing the joke - correction functionality of this website .
please contact us . we are happy to answer questions , and we are always eager to make wocka . com a better place .
registered users win points for submitting and voting on jokes .
users to accumulate 5 , 000 points are rewarded with having no advertisements shown to them on this website . you can also get icons that appear next to your name once you have achieved certain goals . awards are described on the icon page . you can get to the icon page by clicking an icon next to someone ' s username .
a very homely person made an appointment with a psychiatrist . the homely person walked into the doctor ' s office and said , " doctor , i ' m so depressed and lonely . i don ' t have any friends , no one will come near me , and everybody laughs at me . can you help me accept my ugliness ? " " i ' m sure i can , " the psychiatrist replied . " just go over and lie face down on that couch . "
dad : son what is the difference a penis and a loaf of bread ? son : i don ' t know . dad : then remind me to never send you to the store for a loaf of bread .
we are rated with rsac i , safesurf tm rated .
your joke was submitted .
a friend in need . . . . . . is a damn nuisance .
q : imagine you are stuck in a cell , no windows , no doors pretty much nothing . how do you get out ? a : - stop imagining ! -
i have six locks on my door , all in a row . when i go out , i lock every second one ! i figure , no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks , they are always locking three for each three they unlock !
maybe it ' s true that life begins at 40 . but everything else starts to wear out , fall out , or spread out . there are three signs of old age . the first is your loss of memory , the other two i forget . middle age is when it takes longer to rest than to get tired .
" i finally got my boss to laugh , " said one friend to another after work . " oh , how ? " " i asked for a raise ! "
if it weren ' t for venetian blinds , it would be curtains for everybody .
what do you get when you divide the circumference of a jack - o - lantern by its diameter ? pumpkin pi !
i wanted to learn how to make ice cream , so i started attending sundae school .
my teacher always used to tell me that double negatives are a real no - no .
knock - knock . who ' s there ? sherwood . sherwood who ? sherwood like to meet you , so open the door !
q : what did the older lightbulb say to the younger lightbulb ? a : you ' re too young to go out tonight .
once upon a time , there was a girl with a lisp . she couldn ' t pronounce her c ' s or s ' s so she would just leave them out . one day she was going to the bathroom and started singing " i ' ve got peace like a river . "
a blonde ( let ' s call her blonde # 1 ) and her twin sister ( let ' s call her blonde # 2 ) were celebrating the twin ' s birthday and blonde # 2 gave blonde # 1 a present . blonde # 1 : " oh , thank you so much ! when ' s your birthday ? i have to start planning what to get you ! "
i found this on a can of juicey - juice 100% juice . just add water .
q : why could long john silver never find an aspirin ? a : ' cause his parrots ate them all .
do bakers with a sense of humor bake wry bread ?
psychiatrist : what ' s your problem ? patient : i think i ' m a chicken . psychiatrist : how long has this been going on ? patient : ever since i was an egg !
q : what ' s the difference between an irish wedding and an irish funeral ? a : one drunk irishman
after picking up food for his daughter ' s cat , george spied a new bowl for the pet and grabbed it too . " shall i have the cat ' s name written on the side of the bowl ? " offered the store owner . " no , don ' t bother , " replied george . " he can ' t read anyway . "
i went into the kitchen , and there was a tap on the window . not using that plumber again !
two wrongs do not make a right , but three rights make a left .
" is that right , that you dubliners always answer a question with another question ? " " now , who would be telling you that ? "
knock knock who ' s there ? dustin dustin who ? dust in the air , please let me in !
yo momma so fat , when she didn ' t have enough food , she rang 911 .
warning : some people may find this racist , although i mean no offence . what do you call a pakistani in a microwave ? ba - ding ! ! !
knock knock ! who ' s there ? candy . candy who ? candy door even open ?
q : which sexual position produces the ugliest children ? a : ask your mom .
lawyer : " judge , i wish to appeal my client ' s case on the basis of newly discovered evidence . " judge : " and what is the nature of the new evidence ? " lawyer : " judge , i discovered that my client still has $ 500 left . "
- only in america can a pizza guy get to your door faster than an ambulance . - why do slow - down and slow - up mean the same thing ? - why are wise man and wise guy opposites ? - why is it that when stuff goes on a truck it ' s called a shipment and on a boat it ' s called cargo ? - why do we drive in a parkway and park in a driveway ? - why do we press harder on things when we know the batteries are dead ?
a guy goes up to his best friend and says , " dude , i need you to do something for me , no questions asked . " " okay , " says the friend . " what is it ? " " i said no questions ! "
a girl was calling her boyfriend because he wasn ' t online and she wanted him to be . " hello ? " he said , groggily . " i want you to get up and get your ass online . " she said . " how ? " " i don ' t know . get a scanner if you need to . just get your ass online ! "
know why men are men and women are women ? men keep saying - wo man , check out her boobs !
with over %d jokes submitted and ranked by users like you , wocka has the largest collection anywhere on the internet . all of these jokes have been submitted by user like you . join our community and chat with your fellow commedians and jokers .
an active message board with hundreds of topics in which to participate .
send private messages to your friends .
first click the community button . then click the public fourum button . the first forum is for writing jokes . discuss how to write funny jokes here .
have a funny story ? share it here .
play or chat about games in here .
talk about anything you want here . o . k . i will . you really need to quit submitting jokes like this . anybody agree with me ?
tv , movies , music , books . . .
these guidelines are not hard rules for submitting acceptable jokes , but they will help you submit a jokes that the most people will enjoy and rank highly , thus increasing your score .
we highly encourage you to do a quick spell check of your joke before submitting it . you can easily do this by copying and pasting the joke into microsoft word or some other program that can spell check the text from your joke . also , you can use dictionary . com to look up difficult words and how to spell them . jokes with numerous spelling errors reduce their enjoyability and get lower scores than jokes that are error free .
using proper punctuation , grammar , and spacing is highly recommended because it makes your jokes readable and understandable . if people are having a hard time understanding your jokes , they will be rated poorly and your score will suffer because of it .
please properly capitalize the title of the joke and each sentence within the joke . proper names should also be capitalized .
please choose and acceptable rating for the joke ( g = for all ages ; pg = mild pg - 13 = really violent r = explicit ) before you submit it . people of different ages and preferences read different jokes on this website . if you give a g rating to a dirty joke , some users may get upset and rank your joke poorly . for more information , please read our faq .
try to refrain from referring to this website or the users of this website in the jokes you post on wocka . this is mainly because most of the people who read the jokes might not understand the reference to a particular person and they will rate the joke poorly because they do not understand it .
please do not submit jokes that are copyrighted by someone else . or ask for permission from the author before you use copyrighted jokes .
to add a joke to this list : click the " add to my favorites " link when you are viewing a joke . to get rid of one of your favorite jokes : go to your favorite jokes page . next to each joke there is a garbage can icon . click on the icon to get rid of that joke from your favorite ' s page .
" i ' m really too tired and unable to do my home work , " the son protested to his father . " now my son , hard work has never killed any one yet , at least not at your age . " " yes , but i don ' t want to run the risk of being the first ! "
knock - knock who ' s there ? tex tex who ? tex two to tango .
why do they call it " drug abuse " when the person " abusing the drugs " then ends up with half of his brain being rendered useless ?
yo momma is so fat she wanted to go shopping for a new belt so she reached into the sky , then pulled off one of saturn ' s rings and said , " yep ! perfect fit . "
have you ever heard of the gay mafia ? no ? if you don ' t pay up , they come round your house , and criticize your curtains !
an english teacher wrote this phrase on the board and asked her students to properly punctuate it : " woman without her man is nothing . " men wrote : woman , without her man , is nothing . women wrote : woman ! without her , man is nothing .
q : what to you call it when your pet jackrabbit dies ? a : a bad " hare " day
how does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the mornings ?
why did the chicken cross the road ? there weren ' t any cars coming !
. when young jose , newly arrived in the united states , made his first trip to yankee stadium , there were no tickets left for sale . touched by his disappointment , a friendly ticket salesman found him a perch near the american flag . later , jose wrote home enthusiastically about his experience . " and the americans , they are so friendly ! " he concluded . " before the game started , they all stood up and looked at me and sang , ' jose , can you see ? ' "
knock knock who ' s there ? * silence *
what do you call a black priest ? holy shit
the following are headlines that * might * have appeared in papers in the aftermath of little bighorn - variety : " custer closes out of town " pravda : " big red victory " sports illustrated : " indians win series " women ' s wear daily : " feathers make comeback " reader ' s digest : " sitting bull reveals new cure for dandruff " the washington post : " custer loses rural vote "
two blond labourers looking for work arrive at a railway station , and ask for one - way tickets . the ticket - seller looks through his schedule , but can ' t find the place the blonds are seeking . " but you must be able to find it , " says one . " we read in the papers that there are thousands of jobs in jeopardy ! "
q : what happens when you pour boiling water on a bunny ? a : a hot cross - buniken !
a parachute used once , but has never been open !
knock knock ! who ' s there ? eileen . eileen who ? eileen on the door until you open it
yo momma ' s cooking so bad , she ' s got a toothbrush next to her plate instead of a knife !
little johnny ' s mum was sitting in front of computer while johnny was making sandwiches . she said to johhny , " you ' re the best sandwich maker ever , " and johnny says " no mum , you ' re just lazy . " hahahahahahahahahahaha
why did the boy buy a new bum ? coz his had a crack in it .
my mum told me that picking my nose was disgusting , and from now on , i had to pick it myself .
i was talking to my sister ' s boyfriend one day and i asked him if prettyful was a word . he said , " well , i use it a lot . whenever i ' ve just eaten and someone asks me if i ' m hungry , i say ' i ' m pretty full . "
knock knock who ' s there ? can ' t catch . can ' t catch who ? me , you can ' t catch me !
this hillbilly is traveling across texas when a state policeman pulls him over . " you got any i . d . ? " the patrolman asked . " ' bout what ? " the hillbilly replied .
a man being mugged by two thugs put up a tremendous fight ! finally , the thugs subdued him and took his wallet . upon finding only two dollars in the wallet , the surprised thug said " why did you put up such a fight ? " to which the man replied , " i was afraid that you would find the $ 200 hidden in my shoe ! "
man : " how ' s your history paper coming ? " woman : " well , my history professor suggested that i use the internet for research , and it ' s been very helpful . " man : " really ? " woman : " yes ! i ' ve already located 17 people who sell them ! "
i was at a yard sale one day and saw a box marked " electronic cat and dog caller - - guaranteed to work . " i looked inside and was amused to see an electric can opener .
a police detective was investigating a homicide . as he questioned the on - scene officer , he learned the body was that of a young woman . the body was found with a bowl over her head and a spoon stuck in her back . the on - scene officer asked what the detective thought had happened to the woman . the detective responded , " i think it ' s obvious . a cereal killer got her ! "
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? maida . maida who ? maida force be with you !
have you noticed since most people have a camcorder these days there are not as many people talking about seeing ufos as there use to be ?
knock knock ! who ' s there ? abbott . abbott who ? abbott time you answered the door !
i took lessons in bicycle riding , but i could only afford half of them . now i can ride a unicycle .
mosquitos consider most people as food , but grandma ' s an open bar .
i ' ll tell ya later .
it is proven that the celebration of birthdays is healthy . statistics show that those people who celebrate the most birthdays become the oldest . - s . den hartog , ph d . thesis universtity of groningen .
what ' s black and white and makes a lot of noise ? a zebra with a drum .
" have you ever had a tick before ? " asked mel . " no , i ' ve only ever had crosses , " replied sally .
teacher : vincent , not to be presumptuous , but your short story is truly fantastic . did you really write it ? vincent : yes , i wrote , while my mother dictated . . .
shakespeare walks into a bar and the bartender shouts at him , " you can ' t come in here , you ' re bard ! "
do doughnut shops need security systems ?
yo momma is so fat , i gave her a piggyback ride and i got scoliosis .
a bear , a lion and a chicken were having a discussion as to which one of them scares humans the most . " i only have to growl , " said the bear , " and people start to get a bit nervous . " the lion said , " i just have to roar and people run away . " " that ' s nothing , " replied the chicken . " i only have to sneeze and the whole world panics . "
two bees in their hive on a lovely summer day , and one says to the other , " ' swarm in here , isn ' t it ? "
what do you call santa when he ' s been to the beach ? sandy claus !
knock knock . who ' s there ? he . he who ? he who must not be named , so don ' t say it !
a student on a class trip to the natural - history museum asks the guard , " can you tell me how old the dinosaur bones are ? " the guard tells him , " three - million - four years and six months old . " the student says . " how do you know that so precisely ? " the guard says , " well , the dinosaur bones were three million years old when i started working here , and that was four and a half years ago . "
what did the bald man say when he was given a comb for his birthday ? " oh , thank you ! i ' ll never part with it ! "
" charles the first walked and talked half an hour after his head was cut off . " make sense ? it should be - " charles the first walked and talked . half an hour after , his head was cut off . "
everybody knows about the kangaroo , the tall marsupial that lives in australia , but when settlers first went there , they were amazed and had never seen anything like them . they asked an aborigine what the animals were called . he replied , " kangaroo , " so that is what the settlers called them . little did they know , kangaroo is an aboriginal phrase meaning , " i don ' t understand your question . "
an irish guy was digging a hole in his front lawn , when his neighbour walks by and says , " hey , patrick , what are you doing ? " " digging a hole , " said patrick . " what ' s wrong with the hole next to it ? " said his neighbour . " that one wasn ' t deep enough , " said patrick .
steve is playing with his 3 friends at his tree in the back garden , and his mum comes out and shouts , " if all four of you fall out of that tree and break both legs , then don ' t come running to me ! "
yo mamma so fat that when i swerved around her in my car , i ran out of petrol !
you ' re so stupid , you traded your car in for petrol !
you ' re as bright as a broken lightbulb !
you ' re as funny as a ripped - up joke book !
you ' re as smart as a broken calculator ! ! ! ! ! ! !
a man .
if at first you don ' t suceed . . . lower your standards !
a boy was trying to impress his mum on his new bike . he was going down the path and said to his mum , " look , mum , no feet ! " he then put his feet back on the bike and removed his hands from the handlebars . he then shouted , " look , mum , no hands ! " he then lost control of the bike and collided with a tree . his mum ran up to his side , whereas her son said , " look , mum , no teeth . "
when chuck norris jumps in a pool he dosent get wet , the water gets chuck norris ' d . chuck norris once roundhouse kicked a horse . it ' s decendants are know as giraffes . chuck norris doesn ' t need oxygen , oxygen needs chuck norris . chuck norris doesn ' t pay off debt , debt pays off chuck norris .
knock knock ! who ' s there ? dot . dot who ? dots for me to know , and you to find out .
to get your star wars name , do the following : 1 ) start with the 1st 3 letters of your last name 2 ) add the first two letters of your first name 3 ) add the first two letters of your mother ' s maiden name 4 ) add the first two letters of the city in which you were born 5 ) then , if you want , you can remove one letter to make it sound cool .
the can was invented quite a while before the can opener .
what do you call the planters guy beating up fruit spread ? peanut battering jelly .
guy goes to see his doctor - " doctor , please help me , i ' ve got kleptomania bad ! " " ok , take these pills , one a day , but if they ' ve not worked in a month , could you get me an lcd telly ? "
in " the greatest story ever told " , john wayne played a centurion at the crucifixion of jesus christ . one of his lines was , " truly he is the son of god ! " the director felt john w . wasn ' t putting enough into it , and asked him to deliver the line again , but with a little more emphasis - " to put some awe into it " . " ok , " says john , " awww - truly he is the son of god ! "
charlie : " my wife has the worst memory ever . " tom : " she forgets everything , huh ? " charlie : " no , she remembers everything ! "
yo momma is so stupid she took wood to the movie saw ! !
we all know that a good old fashioned zombie says " braaaaiiiiins ! " but what would these zombies say ? a vegan zombie - " graaaaaiiiiins ! " a 1940 ' s mobster zombie - " daaaaaaames ! " a michael jordan zombie - " haaaaaayynes ! " a vampire zombie - " veeeeeeeiiiiins ! " a masochistic zombie - " paaaaaiiiiiins ! " a maid zombie - " staaaaaiiiins ! "
a guy goes to the dentist and says , " how much to get these two teeth pulled ? " " $ 80 a tooth , " he replies . " for two minutes work ! that ' s crazy ! " said the patient . " trust me , " said the dentist , " you don ' t want me to do it any slower .
this big - time rancher from texas met a missouri farmer on a business trip . the texas rancher bragged , " i can get in my truck , drive all day , and never cross the boundary of my ranch ! " " yep , " replied the little missouri farmer , " i had a truck like that once , too . "
she left him because he had a will of his own . and it wasn ' t made out to her !
a detective was questioning a burglary suspect . " where were you between five and six ? " he asked . " in kindergarten ! " he replied
a young boy called to his mother from the yard , " mom , would you rather me fall out of a tree and break my arm or just tear a hole in my sunday slacks ? " " well , " she replied , " i guess i ' d pray that you just ripped your pants . " the kid yells back , " your prayers have been answered ! "
knock knock ! who ' s there ? radio . radio who ? radio not , here i come !
one chicken says to the other , " for heaven ' s sake , don ' t cross the road ! we ' ll never hear the end of it ! "
yo momma ' s so fat , when she turns around another year has passed already !
yo momma is so fat she needs mapquest to find her butt !
knock knock . who ' s there ? haf . haf who . haf you ever opened the door because i ' m tired of waiting .
yo momma smells so bad the skunk gave her his stripe .
knock knock . who ' s there ? doughnut . doughnut who ? i doughnut want to know if you ' re sick !
george carlin said it best about martha stewart : " boy , i feel a lot safer now that she ' s behind bars . o . j . simpson and kobe bryant are still walking around ; osama bin laden too , but they take the one woman in america willing to cook , clean , and work in the yard , and they haul her fanny off to jail . "
how many mathematicians does it take to replace a lightbulb ? pi . 3 screw exactly a radius ' s length , and the last about - one - seventh screws it in all the way !
one day st . peter visited hell to make certain that the sinners were being adequately punished . during his tour he noticed that hitler was standing in feces up to his chin . surprisingly , the fuhrer was smiling . " i don ' t understand , " sasid st . peter . " how can you smile when you ' ll be spending all of eternity in excrement ? " hitler replied , " i ' m smiling because i ' m standing on mussolini ' s shoulders . "
did you hear about the blind man who went bungee jumping ? ? v v v v v v v v v v v v v v he loved it , but it scared the heck out of his dog .
virginity is like a balloon . one prick and it ' s gone !
whenever i have to go up in a building , i choose the elevator over the escalator because one time i was on an escalator and i tripped . . . so i was falling for an hour and a half .
q : what type of storage units do underwater computers use ? a : trilo - bytes
a man comes to dinner at a new friend ' s house . while they eat , the new friend ' s small son keeps staring at the guest . finally , the guest says , ' why are you staring at me like that , young fellow ? ' the kid says , ' daddy told me you were a self - made man . ' ' i am . ' ' well , why did you make yourself like that ? '
presidents on a sinking ship ! ford says : " what do we do ? " bush says : " man the lifeboats ! " reagan says : " what lifeboats ? " carter says : " women first ! " nixon says : " screw the women ! " clinton says : " you think we have time ? "
question : what is a kentucky virgin ? answer : a really ugly seven year old girl who can run faster than her older brother .
all you see in the sports media nowadays is the fact that athletes are taking steriods and other performance enhanceing drugs to become stronger and faster . so instead of going out and buying a new car i put some steriods in the gas tank . . . . i wonder if i will get the same result ?
how many men does it take to find anything ? zero . they have to ask a woman 1st and then after she tells them exactly where it is for the umpteenth time & they still can ' t find it . . . . . the now exasperated woman goes & gets it for them in the exact place she has told them it was . duh ! ! !
george w . bush . . . . that ' s it
did you ever notice that a lot of people will do just about anything to get attention ? like putting jokes up on a website ! p . s i love wocka .
gummer : is defined as receiving oral sex from a woman who has no teeth .
a blonde went to see her doctor for her annual checkup so the doctor gave her the once over . at the end of the checkup he shone a light in her ear to have a look ; amazed , he shook his head and walked away . see below what the doctor had seen . a big sign space for rent .
did you hear about the morning after pill for guys ? it changes his blood type .
what do women with no legs leave behind when they cross a linoleum floor ? snail tracks .
have you ever seen moth balls ? you have ! ! ! how did you get their teeny , tiny and poor little legs apart ? ya fiend !
what do a walrus & tupperware have in common ? they both like a " tight " seal !
what is jewish beer called ? he brew ! !
little johnny is approached by the lifeguard at the public swimming pool . " you ' re not allowed to pee in the pool , " says the lifeguard . " i ' m going to report you . " " but everyone pees in the pool , " whined little johnny . " maybe , " answered the lifeguard , " but not from the diving board ! "
yo mama so fat when jumps up in the air she gets stuck .
what ' s the difference between a religious woman and a supposedly regular woman in a bathtub ? one has hope in her soul .
made up this joke myself . . please laugh . when i go all the way blind ( 2 / 3 the way there now ) ; my mommie ' s gonna give me a new kitty and tell me that i can only play with it outside & in the street . the kittie ' s name is pe - pe - la - pugh . she tell ' s me it ' s black & white . love that kitty . rhhhhhhhhh !
this is funny .
junk - something you keep for years and throw away three weeks before you need it .
what can you break without saying its ' name ? silence . . . shhh !
your mamma is soooo ugo . . . when you look in the mirror you die of fright , as you look just like her .
a man walks into a bar and says , " give me a beer before problems start ! " again , the man orders a beer again saying , " give me a beer before problems start ! " the bartender looks confused . this goes on for a while , and after the fifth beer the bartender is totally confused and asks the man , " when are you going to pay for these beers ? " the man answers , " ah , now the problems start ! "
a little boy wrote this letter to his grandmother : dear grandmother , i ' m sorry i forgot your birthday last week . it would serve me right if you forgot mine next tuesday . with love , mike
q : what does a 1000 pound bird say ? ? a : squawk ! ! !
q : what was jesus when he was resurrected ? a : a born again christian
q : how do you get a blonde with one arm out of a tree ? a : wave to her
bob was talking to ted , an old friend . bob : my wife drives like lightning ! ted : she drives fast ? bob : no , she hits trees !
1 . who ' s idea was it to put " s " in the word " lisp " ? 2 . trust in god , but keep your car locked . 3 . they say that swimming is good for your figure . if so , what happened to whales ?
" please don ' t hurt me " by i . bruce easily " life through the eyes of a drunk " by al coholic " thirty yards to the outhouse " by will e . makeit ( illustrated by betty wont ) " the proper use of sunscreens " by justin casey burns " how to cure scratching " by ivan awfulich " discount alternatives " by robin stuff
one night a blond teenage girl brought her new boyfriend home to meet her parents , and they were appalled by his appearance : leather jacket , motorcycle boots , tattoos and a pierced nose . later , the parents pulled their daughter aside and confessed their concern . " dear , " said the mother diplomatically , " he doesn ' t seem very nice . " " oh please , mom , " replied the daughter , " if he wasn ' t nice , why would he be doing 500 hours of community service ? "
outside of a dog , a book is probably man ' s best friend . inside of a dog , it ' s too dark to read .
save the whales , harpoon a fat chick !
in a small town , an frightened man ran inside the local pub and shouted , " does anyone here own a big black dog with a white collar ? " but no one answered and he said , " oh my god , i must have run over the vicar ! "
hubluza
a lady lost her handbag during a day of shopping . it was found by an honest little boy and returned to her . looking in her purse , she commented , " hmmm . . . . that ' s funny . when i lost my bag there was a $ 20 bill in it . now there are twenty singles . " the boy replied , " that ' s right , lady . the last time i found a lady ' s purse , she didn ' t have change for a reward . "
float like a butterfly sting like a bee i slept with yo momma now it burns when i pee !
why do chicken coops have two doors ? because if it had four doors it ' d be a chicken sedan .
if you tell the truth , you don ' t have to remember everything .
q : how do you get free tickets to a concert fast ? a : bring a gun to the box - office .
when is a pencil not a pencil ? when it ' s on a pentagon shopping list - then it ' s a " portable hand - held communications inscriber " , says a republican senator .
william p . holcomb ' s job is to supervise the tracking down of houston , texas parking ticket violators . it was revealed that he himself had 375 unpaid tickets .
knock knock ! who ' s there ? ya . ya who ? what are you getting so excited about ?
now i lay me down to sleep ; if i die before i wake , please somebody ; step on the brake !
josh was never the most gifted child , but for this he couldn ' t really be blamed . his mother , maria , was no better than him . however , the singular talent that he possessed was an odd one : he could memorize everything he ate . his mother didn ' t see this as satisfactory , but she decided to put his talent to good use ; how you ask ? simply by writing , " brilliant ! be brilliant ! " on his lunch bag !
don ' t worry , you aren ' t fat . you ' re only " fluffy " !
from : joan bishop , acting human resources director to : all employees date : december 14 re : patty lewis and holiday party i ' m sure i speak for all of us in wishing patty lewis a speedy recovery and i ' ll continue to forward your cards to her . in the meantime , management has decided to cancel our holiday party and give everyone the afternoon of the 23rd off with full pay . happy holidays !
two arab fathers are showing each other their family photos . one shows the other a picture and says " this is my oldest , he is a martyr . this is my second oldest , he is also a martyr . " the other arab father just sighs and says " ahh , they blow up so quickly these days ! "
dick cheney had a problem . he was been sued for 200 million dollars . he asks everybody in the west wing for advice . however , only president bush has any good advice : " why don ' t you take them hunting ? "
yo mamma is so poor , when you asked for milk she said , " left or right ? "
q : how many publishers does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : three . one to screw it in and two more to hold down the editor .
one of the funniest things i ' ve heard in a long time . i was watching t . v . and an advertisement for the show , " monk " comes on . i don ' t watch the show , but i love the commercials he says to a dr : " i ' m not even stalking you . at least not at the moment . " i laughed for at least ten minutes . even snorted .
there was a lady that had a 3 year old son and one was coming on the way ( she was pregnant ) . when the 3 year old asked his mother why her stomach was so big , she told him that it was just gas ( she didn ' t want to give him a confusing explanation ) . the day that the baby was born , the 3 year old came up to the baby and said , " hey , fart ! "
man in car , went to bar . feeling nifty , doing fifty . hit a car , poor old soul . doctor ' s fee , cemetary !
q : what did one chart say to the other ? a : " my ! you ' re awfully graphic ! "
some small ads that didn ' t quite come out right on paper - for sale . three canaries of undermined sex . for sale - eight puppies from a german shepherd and an alaskan hussy . great dames for sale . dog for sale : eats anything and is fond of children . 2 female boston terrier puppies , 7 wks old , perfect markings , 555 - 1234 . leave mess . lost : small apricot poodle . reward . neutered . like one of the family .
the indian chief introduced his wife to a newspaper reporter ; " this is three horse . " " that ' s a picturesque name , " said the reporter . " does it have deep symbolism ? " " yes , " the chief replied . " nag , nag , nag ! "
yo mamma is soooo poor that her front and back door are on the same hinge !
knock knock who ' s there ? idunnap . idunnap who ? well , you best get to the toilet then ! ( for those of you who don ' t understand you ' re meant to say , " i done a poo ! " )
while reading a newspaper , morty came across an article about a beautiful actress marrying a football player who was not noted for his iq . " i ' ll never understand , " he said to his wife , " why do the biggest jerks get the most attractive wives . " his wife replied , " why , thank you , dear . "
yo mamma smells so bad , when she went into the enchanted forest , all the skunks commited suicide !
what did one snowman say to the other snowman ? do you smell carrots ?
you ' re like school on saturday . . . no class !
have you heard about camping ? it ' s intense . ( in tents ! )
a farmer and his son live on a farm in the middle of nowhere , usa . one day the farmboy says to his father , " i ' m bored . " his father replies , " what are you talking about ? farm life is great ! " he then adds , " however , i will admit , it is a little slow though . nothing much to do except count the bricks in the silo . " to this the boy says , " 11 , 827 . "
how do you catch a unique rabbit ? you nique up on it ! how do you catch a tame rabbit ? the tame way !
what do you call a lesbian dinosaur ? a licalottapus !
one lesbian said to the other , " i ' ll just be frank with you , " . . . and the other said , " ok , you be frank today and i ' ll be frank tommorrow . "
what do you call two chinese queers ? two can chew !
there was this blonde who had taken up golf for a long time . when she was ready to play , the 1st round she came back in 20 minutes and told the pro she was stung by a bee . he asked where . she said , " between the first hole and the second hole . " he said , " sounds like your stance is too wide . "
where do you find a dog with no legs ? where you left him !
one day , at lunch at an elementary school , the cafeteria was serving swiss cheese . a little girl received her meal and was disgusted by it . " miss lunch lady , " she said at the end of the line , " i don ' t like the holes in my cheese . " " that ' s okay , " she said . " just eat around them and leave them on your plate . "
there were three guys at an award ceremony for their school : a not - so - smart one , an average one , and a smart one . the not - so - smart one proudly boasts , " i ' m going to receive an award today ! " the average one was a bit skeptical about this and asks , " what kind of award will that be ? " before the not - so - smart on was able to reply , the smart one said , " the most improved award . "
a husband and wife are getting ready to go to bed . the husband says , " i thought we ' d have sex tonight . " the wife replies , " no , i ' m too tired tonight . " the husband says , " is that your final answer ? " the wife says , " yes , it is , thank you . " the husband says , " ok , then , i ' d like to phone a friend . "
lawyer says client is not that guilty ( just how guilty was he ? ) legislator wants tougher death penalty ( i say , give it to him . ) man jumps off bridge . neither jumper nor body found ( what ? ) after detour to california shuttle returns to earth ( well , this confirms what many of us have suspected about california . ) woman improving after fatal crash ( modern science is amazing , isn ' t it ? )
beer . . . it ' s the cause and solution to all men ' s problems !
who is the patron saint of playgrounds ? st . francis of a see - saw !
what is the one thing you get at a wedding and cannot give back no matter how much you despise and hate it ? in - laws !
confucius say . . . ~ he who value skin does not wash cat
q : what ' s the difference between an intelligent man and a ufo ? a : i don ' t know , i ' ve never seen either . q : what are two reasons why men don ' t mind their own business ? a : ( 1 ) no mind ( 2 ) no business
bill and tim are out one day test driving cars . they happen to pull up to the same stop light side by side . bill yells out his window , " hey tim , corvette ? " tim yells back " yup this is a corvette " tim yells again " hey bill , audi ? " bill jumps out of his car pulls up his shirt , points to his belly button and says , " nope ! i got an inny ! "
this summer , i went on a trip to houston . i needed to go really badly , so i stopped behind a tree . a minute later , i darted out being chased by a hungry squirrel . he wanted some nuts .
ibm and ibc combine to create the perfect computer for financial management . here ' s the headline on the weekly paper . ibm : do you ?
teacher : billy why are you late ? billy : because the sign said " children slow "
question : what do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino ? answer : elephino ( hell - if - i - know )
what ' s the difference between a lawyer and a vampire ? a vampire only sucks blood at night .
miss jones had been giving her second - grade students a lesson on science . she had explained about magnets and showed how they would pick up nails and other bits of iron . now it was question time , and she asked , " my name begins with the letter ' m ' and i pick up things . what am i ? " a little boy on the front row proudly said , " you ' re a mother ! "
i seen a commercial on t . v for a pill that helps with ed ( erectile deficency ) . as one of the side effects the announcer said " if you experience an erection for longer than four hours call your doctor . " i thought call my doctor ? ? if i have an erection for more than four hours i am calling ripley ' s believe it or not ! ! .
yo momma is so hairy that i thought she had herself in a headlock !
knock knock who ' s there ? nunya ! nunya who ? nunya damn business ! !
life isn ' t fair . i went to my boss with a note from my doctor stating that i have multiple personalities . now i do three different jobs and still only get one paycheck ! ! .
how come you never hear anything about the 10th reindeer , olive ? yeah , you know , " olive the other reindeer , used to laugh and call him names . " what ' s the most popular wine at christmas ? " i don ' t like sprouts " !
what did you learn in school today ? not enough , apparently . i have to go back tomorrow !
why don ' t witches wear panties ? to get a better grip on their broom .
glow in the dark sunglasses a book on how to read a dictionary index watermelon seed sorter zero proof alcohol reusable ice cubes see through toilet tissue skinless bananas do it yourself roadmap
a judge scowled down at a repeat offender before him . " haven ' t i seen you in here many times already ? and didn ' t i tell you that i never wanted to see you in here again ? " " yes , your honor , " the defendant replied . " that ' s exactly what i told the police officer , but he insisted i come in anyway ! "
you know what your problem is ? your brain is too tense . . . too tense the size of everybody else ' s .
yo mamma ' s so poor , she can ' t afford to go on welfare . yo mamma ' s so poor , she got thrown out of a homeless shelter . yo mamma ' s so poor , she tried to use food stamps on a gumball machine . yo mamma ' s so poor , a burgler broke into her house and left her some money .
how do you know if you ' re in a gay church ? if half the congregation is kneeling !
shortly after the 911 emergency number became available , an elderly and quite ill lady appeared in a hospital emergency room , having driven herself to the hospital and barely managing to stagger in from the parking lot . the horrified nurse said , " why didn ' t you call the 911 number and get an ambulance ? " the lady said , " my phone doesn ' t have an eleven . "
a man walks into a pub and sits down next to a man with a dog at his feet . " does your dog bite ? " " no . " a few minutes later the dog takes a huge chunk out of his leg . " i thought you said your dog didn ' t bite ! " the man says indignantly . " that ' s not my dog . "
this was set up by google as a joke . enjoy ! please do the following : 1 . open google . 2 . type , " french military victories " . 3 . click : i ' m feeling lucky . 4 . enjoy !
this was set up by google . enjoy ! please do the following : 1 . open google . 2 . type " failure " . 3 . click : i ' m feeling lucky . 4 . enjoy !
there was a blonde and a brunette in a car . the brunette hears a siren behind them , so she asks the blonde if its lights are on . the blonde turns around and says " yes , no , yes , no . . . . . "
q : what do you get if you drop a piano on the seventh dwarf ? a : a diminished seventh !
do you know why single women can ' t fart ? because they don ' t get assholes untill they get married .
professionals built the titanic . an amateur built the ark .
a man walks into a bar and throws down a bet . 100 dollars to anyone who can do 100 pushups . a man disappears outside and returns minutes later . " i ' ll take that bet " the man says , and collapses after 50 pushups . " i don ' t get it " , he says , " i just did 150 outside ! "
( this joke was copied from the " fresh price of bel air " show and are not my original jokes ) . 40 is the begining . . . . the begining of the end . 40 is the begining of life . did i say life ? . . . i meant gum disease !
" you were speaking much too long on the phone just now , miss ponsonby , " said mr . jones . " but it was a business call , mr . jones . " " well , please don ' t address our clients as ' sweetikins ' in the future . "
my mom had just placed some flypaper out when my little cousin wandered in . she was fascinated watching the flies get caught . finally , my mom asked , " molly , don ' t you have flies in your house ? " " yeah , we have flies . we just don ' t have anything for them to sit on . "
a bus carrying five passengers was hit by a car in st . louis , but by the time police arrived on the scene , fourteen pedestrians had boarded the bus and had begun to complain of whiplash injuries and back pain .
on saturday afternoon , i was sitting in my lawn chair , drinking beer and watching my wife mow the lawn . the neighbor lady from across the street was so outraged that she came over and shouted at me , " you should be hung ! " i slowly took a long drink from my can of old milwaukee light , wiped the cold foam from my lips , lifted my darkened oakley sunglasses and looked at this nosy ass neighbor and replied , " i am . that ' s why she cuts the grass . "
an old man goes into the social security office and fills out an application . too old to have a birth certificate , he is asked to prove he is old enough . he opens his shirt and shows them the gray hair on his chest and they accept that as proof . he goes home to his wife , shows her the check , and explains to her what has happened . she replies , " well , get back down there , pull down your pants , and see if you can get disability ! "
you momma so stupid , when i asked her , " why she was yelling into an envelope . " she said " she was trying to send voice mail . "
yo momma so fat and stupid , when her doctor told her to go on a seafood diet , she says ok , i see food , i eat it .
yo momma so fat , when she entered a fat contest she won 1st , 2nd , and 3rd prizes .
what do you call a cute volcano ? lava - ble !
i wish there was a knob on the tv to turn up the intelligence . there ' s a knob called ' brightness ' but it doesn ' t work .
there were two groups of people . the first one was of a taxi driver who was driving at a high speed that all the passengers knelt and prayed . the second was of a priest who was preaching but boring the people to the extent that they started walking out . who brought people closer to god ? the taxi - driver .
a man awoke in a hospital bed after a complicated operation , and found that the curtains were drawn around him . " why are the curtains closed ? " he said . " is it night ? " a nurse replied , " no , it ' s just that there is a fire across the street , and we didn ' t want you waking up and thinking that the operation was unsuccessful . "
for people who like peace and quiet : a phoneless cord .
in a recent on - line poll 38 , 562 men across the uk were asked to identify a woman ' s ultimate fantasy . 98 . 8% of the respondents said that a woman ' s ultimate fantasy is to have two men at once . while this has been verified by a recent sociological study , it appears that most men do not realize that in this fantasy , one man is cooking and the other is cleaning .
when my three - year - old son opened a birthday gift from his grandmother , he discovered a water pistol . he squealed with delight and headed for the nearest sink . i was not so pleased . i turned to mom and said , " i ' m surprised at you . don ' t you remember how we used to drive you crazy with water guns ? " mom smiled and then replied . . . . . " i remember . "
an elderly man called 911 and said he thought his wife might be dead . operator : " might be dead ? sir , can ' t you tell if she is dead ? " man : " i ' m not quite sure . " operator : " well , what makes you think that she could be dead ? " man : " well , the sex is the same , but the dishes are beginning to pile up in the sink . "
there were two fish . the first says : " we ' re gonna swim 100 miles upstream , have sex , then die . " the second says : " so we ' re gonna swim 100 miles upstream , then die ? " first fish : " yup " second : " are we gonna have sex ? " first : " yup " second : " ok count me in ! "
teacher : " can someone tell me three kinds of triangles ? yes , jimmy ? " jimmy : " ok , so there ' s right , isosceles , and you , your husband , and the mailman . " the class laughed . " ok , young man . now you ' re going straight to the principal . " said the teacher . and the principal laughed too .
what do you do when you ' re lonely on an alaskan cruise ? answer : go to the window and yell " whale "
what did one virus say to the other virus ? keep away from me , i think i ' ve got penicillin !
what did one earthquake say to another ? oops ! my fault !
dickiedoo disease : defined as the expansion of the adominal region of the human male to the point where it eliminates the view of the male ' s private part from its possessor . translated into a more commonly used phrase " his belly sticks out further than his dickiedoo ! also know as abdominalius humongus and in some cases where the male appendage is not very large , this condition is known as male apparatus non - existus .
on the 12th day of christmas my true love sent to me 12 - pack of bud 11 rasslin ' tickets 10 tins of copenhagen 9 years probation 8 holey vests 7 kissing cousins 6 cans of spam 5 hunting hounds 4 mudgrip tyres 3 shot gun shells 2 more gaps in teeth and some parts to a mustang gt
1 . always remember you ' re unique . just like everyone else . 2 . good judgement comes from bad experience , and a lot of that comes from bad judgement . 3 . the quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it back in your pocket . 4 . never miss a good chance to shut up .
one day , johnny saw his dad got caught on fire . immeaditly he went to his mom saying , " mom , mom hurry , dad ' s on fire , and i brought the marshmellows ! " another day a lady came to the door asking for things for the old peoples fund . johnny yelled from the doorway to his mom , " hey mom , there ' s this person asking for the old peoples fund , shall i give them grandma ? "
a man complaining to a friend : " i had it all - money , a beautiful house , a big car , the love of a beautiful woman . . . then . . . pow ! . . . it was all gone ! " " what happened ? " asked the friend . " ahhhh . . . my wife found out . . . "
the bumper sticker of a proud parent read : my son was inmate of the month
the young man entered the ice cream palace and asked , " what kinds of ice cream do you have ? " " vanilla , chocolate , strawberry , " the girl wheezed as she spoke , patted her chest and seemed unable to continue . " do you have laryngitis ? " the young man asked sympathetically . " nope , " she whispered , " just vanilla , chocolate and strawberry . "
what do you call an italian cop ? guinea pig
an american , a frenchman and a chinese went to try their echo ; the american said , " good morning , " and the echo came back , " good morninginginging . " then the frenchman said , " bon jour , " and the echo came back " bon jourjourjour . " then the chinese said , " chang chiong shang zhang hu , " and the echo came back , " whatwhatwhatwhat ? "
two robbers from puerto rico felt that the police were getting hot on their trail , so they decided to move far away to montreal and continue their life of crime in the new city . unfortunately they just did not quite understand winter . they were arrested the morning after their first break - in . the police just followed their footsteps in the snow from the store to their house . . .
i went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman , " where ' s the self - help section ? " she said if she told me , it would defeat the purpose .
what is the similarity between girls and tea ? they are both hot and with milk . what is the difference between a girl in church and a girl in the bathroom ? the girl in church has a soul full with hope and the girl in the bathroom has a hole full with soap . what is the difference between the sky and the skirt ? the sky covers the whole universe and the skirt covers the universal hole .
q : what is the difference between a plate and a booger ? a : the plate is on the table , but the booger is under the table . q : what is the difference between a prince and a booger ? a : the prince is the heir to the throne , but the booger is thrown to the air .
fire investigators on maui have determined the cause of a blaze that destroyed a $ 127 , 000 home last month - a short in the homeowner ' s newly installed fire prevention alarm system . " this is even worse than last year , " said the distraught homeowner , " when someone broke in and stole my new security system . . . "
a bank robber in virginia beach got a nasty surprise when a dye pack designed to mark stolen money exploded in his fruit - of - the - looms . the robber apparently stuffed the loot down the front of his pants as he was running out the door . " he was seen hopping and jumping around , " said police spokesman mike carey , " with an explosion taking place inside his pants . " police have the man ' s charred trousers in custody . . .
" everything that can be invented has been invented . " - charles h . duell , commissioner , u . s . office of patents , 1899 .
november 15 , 1996 - psa was following united , taxiing out for departure . psa called the tower and said " tower , this is united 586 . we ' ve got a little problem , so go ahead and let psa go first . " the tower promptly cleared psa for takeoff before united had a chance to object to the impersonation .
quotes from officer fitness reports : he has the wisdom of youth , and the energy of old age . he has carried out each and every one of his duties to his entire satisfaction . this officer reminds me very much of a gyroscope - always spinning around at a frantic pace , but not really going anywhere . when he joined my ship , this officer was something of a granny ; since then he has aged considerably . in my opinion this pilot should not be authorized to fly below 250 feet .
a brunette on a river bank sees a blonde on the far shore and yells to her : " how do i get to the other side of the river ? " and the blonde yells back " you ' re on the other side . "
descartes walked into a mcdonalds and ordered a veggieburger . the guy behind the counter asked " do you want fries with that ? " descartes replied " i think not , " and poof - he disappeared .
one guy went to see a doctor because he had a hearing problem , so he met his friend and the conversation began ! first guy : " did the doctor give you your test results ? " second guy : " yeah . looks like all those years of phone sex caught up with me . i have hearing aids . "
once upon a time , there was a fairy called nuff . fair enough .
a kid said to his dad , " in school i learned pluto is in outerspace . but they didn ' t say where mickey is . "
two boll weevils grew up in south carolina . one went to hollywood and became a famous actor . the other stayed behind in the cotton fields and never amounted to much . the second one , naturally , became known as the lesser of two weevils .
when she told me i was average , she was just being mean . editor ' s note : mean can mean both not nice but another definition is average .
i use to feel like i was a man trapped in a woman ' s body , but then i was born .
so this kid has been using lots of his dad ' s money and the dad says , " do you think money grows on trees ? " " ya , " says the kid . " well , it doesn ' t , " says the dad . " so what is money made out of , dad ? " " paper , " the dad says . " and what is paper made out of ? " " shut up . "
living on earth is expensive , but it does include a free trip around the sun . lead me not into temptation . . . i can find the way myself . the mind is like a parachute ; it works much better when it ' s open . jury : twelve people who determine which client has the better attorney . miracles are performed every day , the impossible takes longer . never knock on death ' s door : ring the doorbell and run ( he hates that ) .
please don ' t tell anyone , this is hot gossip . after all the years of shit , it ' s surprising they are still together ! guess who ? the buttocks !
if a monk , living in a monastery , takes a vow of silence , then talks in his sleep , has he broken his vow of silence ? if so , who is going to tell on him ?
i went to get some paper from the stationery store , but it had moved .
years ago when i was working at customer service for a gardening company , i came across this tale . it is completely true ! a lady came in looking for a soaker hose ( a hose that drips water into the soil every few minutes ) i helped her find it , but soon , she came back with a complaint . " what ' s the problem , " i asked . " it leaks . "
a blonde phoned police to report that thieves had been in her car . " they ' ve stolen the dashboard , the steering wheel , the brake pedal , even the accelerator , " she cried out . however , before the police investigation could start , the phone rang a second time and the same voice came over the line . " never mind , i got in the back seat by mistake . "
according to " the australian , " an airliner recently encountered severe vibration in flight . the captain decided to make an emergency landing , and switched on the seat belt sign . the vibration stopped immediately . a passenger emerged from a lavatory and explained that he had been jogging in place inside .
in the usa they go ice skating . in canada we go skating ; we just assume it will be on ice !
what is a definition of a " suicide bomber " ? answer : " martyr - dumb "
my bedroom is so small . . . the mice are hunchbacked . i shut the door and and the doorknob was in bed with me . i have to go outside to change my mind . if i stand up , i ' m on the second floor .
a three - year old put his shoes on by himself . his mother noticed that the left was on the right and the right was on the left . she said , " paul , your shoes are on the wrong feet . " he looked up at her and said , " no they ' re not , mom . i know they ' re my feet . "
knock - knock who ' s there hatch hatch who ? god bless you .
2 guys are sitting at a bar after a hard days work and start talking about their wives . 1st guy : " you know what , my wife is an angel . " 2nd guy : " gee , you sure are lucky , my wife is still alive ! "
knock knock who ' s there ? aesop aesop who ? aesop i saw a putty cat , i did i did !
when i was growing up i never bothered to learn french . so i tried very hard to avoid french in general , since i didn ' t know any of it . it was very hard to avoid . . . . . . since my family spoke french . . .
a 2nd grade teacher decides to teach sex education to her class . she starts out by drawing a penis on the chalk board and asks the class , " does anyone know what this is ? " little johnny says , " yes , my dad has 2 of them ! " teacher , " are you sure about that ? " little johnny , " yes , he uses the small skinny one to go to the bathroom , and the big long one to brush the baby - sitter ' s teeth . "
yo momma is so dumb she put training wheels on your tricycle .
who is the ugliest member of wocka ? [ name removed - this joke offends some users - joke awaiting deletion ]
my geometry tutor told me , " a six - sided polygon is called a hexagon , a five - sided one is called a pentagon . " " what about two sided ones ? " i asked . " they don ' t exist , " was his response . " i beg to differ ! i think we should just let bi - gons be bi - gons . "
you know you are a redneck when you do not speak your first word until your 18th birthday and that word is welfare ! .
why do gynecologists retire at a younger age that other doctors ? they get tunnel vision !
yo momma ' s so old , if she ' s not wearing a bra , it looks like she has four legs .
yo momma is so fat she sat on bigfoot and turned him into " little toe . "
one day two robins walked along the road , planning their day . robin # 1 : oh my god , we totally have to get some bronzing oil ! robin # 2 : duh , i mean if are going to spend the whole day at the beach we totally have to ! that day while the robins were tanning on the beach a big bad fox came along . he took one look at them and said : fox : mmmm , i love baskin ' robins !
it ' s okay to kiss a fool , and it ' s also okay to let a fool kiss you . but never let a kiss fool you !
who tows the tow trucks when they break down ?
- what do you call a dog in a submarine ? - a sub - woofer .
our old friend gladys attended church services one particular sunday . the sermon seemed to go on forever , and many in the congregation fell asleep . after the service , to be social , she walked up to a very sleepy looking gentleman , in an attempt to revive him from his stupor , extended her hand in greeting , and said , " hello , i ' m gladys dunn , " to which the gentleman replied , " you ' re not the only one ! "
the young couple invited their aged parson for sunday dinner . while they were in the kitchen preparing the meal , the minister asked their son what they were having . " goat , " the little boy replied . " goat ? " replied the startled man of the cloth , " are you sure about that ? " " yep , " said the youngster . " i heard pa say to ma , ' might as well have the old goat for dinner today as any other day . ' "
are part - time band leaders semiconductors ? if athletes get athlete ' s foot , do astronauts get mistletoe ? does killing time damage eternity ? daylight savings time - why are they saving it and where do they keep it ? do pilots in a hurry take crash - courses ? how do you get off a nonstop flight ?
1 . iraqi head found with arms 2 . man loses toes in snow , but timesheet submitted 3 . crack found on governor ' s daughter 4 . miners refuse to work after death 5 . eight arms found in octopus
pythagorean theorem - 24 words . lord ' s prayer - 66 words . archimedes ' principle - 67 words . 10 commandments - 179 words . gettysburg address - 286 words . declaration of independence - 1 , 300 words . us government regulations on the sale of cabbage - 26 , 911 words .
a recent survey shows that 95% of men admit to pleasuring themselves sexually . . . and that the remaining 5% are liars ! !
what ' s the difference between a golf ball and a woman ' s g - spot ? a man will spend 20 minutes looking for a golf ball !
little susie was watching her father , a pastor , write a sermon . " how do you know what to say ? " she asked . " why , god tells me . " " oh , then why do you keep crossing things out ? "
there was a question in our company newsletter asking about whether they could water the flowers in the bathroom since they were looking wilted and sick . the response was , " the flowers are artificial . " [ editor ' s note : evidently some employees created a rest room gas cloud powerful enough to wilt artificial plants . you have to admire that on some level ]
" operator ? i ' d like the number of the scottish knitwear company in woven . " " i can ' t find a town called ' woven ' ? are you sure ? " " yes . that ' s what it says on the label - ' woven in scotland ' . "
real friends are those who , when you think you ' ve made a fool of yourself , don ' t feel you ' ve done a permanent job .
" transportation in the middle ages " by orson cart . " growing up in the balkans " by hugo slavia . " the outboard motor died " by rhoda shaw . " answering the questions of the universe " by howard i . know . " our son , russell , the chef " by mr . & mrs . upsumgrub . " how to write a mystery novel " by paige turner . " the great english breakfast " by chris p . bacon . " vacation spots in the tropics " by sandy beech .
little willy was a chemist ; little willy is no more - for what he thought was h2o , was h2so4 . little willy played with dynamite , couldn ' t understand it quite . curiosity never pays , it rained willy seven days .
if you help a friend in need , he is sure to remember you - the next time he ' s in need .
a little boy is adopted from korea and is flown to the usa to meet his new parents . a few years later the parents decide to adopt again on the way to the airport the little boy sees planes coming in to land . he says to his mother , " look at all the babies being born . " ( he thinks all babies come on air planes ha ha )
seen on rear mud - flaps of a large truck left mud - flap 	 	 right mud - flap passing side 	 	 suicide 	 	 / - - - - - - 	 	 - - - - - - \ \ - - - - - - 	 	 - - - - - - / 	 	 el paso 	 	 	 el cruncho
a car was involved in an accident in a street . as expected , a large crowd gathered . a newspaper reporter , anxious to get his story , could not get near the car . being a clever sort , he started shouting loudly , " let me through ! let me through ! i am the son of the victim . " the crowd made way for him . lying in front of the car was a donkey .
a fisherman returned to shore with a giant marlin that was bigger and heavier than he . on the way to the cleaning shed , he met a second fisherman who had a stringer with a dozen baby minnows . the second fisherman looked at the marlin , turned to the first fisherman and said , " only caught one , eh ? "
after interviewing a particularly short - spoken job candidate , the interviewer described the person to his boss as rather monosyllabic . the boss said , " really ? where is monosyllabia ? " thinking that his boss was just kidding , he played along and said that it was just south of elbonia . he replied , " oh , you mean over by croatia ? "
el nino storms are affecting trade with asian countries . a freighter bound for long beach calif . with a cargo of yo - yos got caught in a particularly violent storm and sank 65 times .
when asked for her occupation , a woman charged with a traffic violation said she was a schoolteacher . the judge was delighted . " madam , i have waited years for a schoolteacher to appear before this court . now please sit down at that table and write ' i will not pass through a red light ' five hundred times . "
my kids love going to the web , and they keep track of their passwords by writing them on post - it notes . their disney password was " goofymickeyminniepluto " and i asked why it was so long . " because , " my son explained , " they said it had to have at least four characters . "
i joined a health club last year , spent about $ 400 , and haven ' t lost a pound . apparently , you have to show up .
did you ever watch the food network ? ya , they cook stuff that you won ' t even think about cooking , and afterwards you don ' t even bother to even remember it . people just sit at home and drool . . . it ' s like porno for fat people .
why do cats raise their tails when you stroke their backs ? to let you know you ' ve reached the end of the cat .
there was once a very smart horse . anything that was shown him , he mastered easily , until one day , his teachers tried to teach him about rectangular coordinates and he couldn ' t understand them . all the horse ' s acquaintances and friends tried to figure out what was the matter and couldn ' t . then a new guy looked at the problem and said , " of course he can ' t do it . why , you ' re putting descartes before the horse ! "
fe fe fe \ | / fe - - * - - fe / | \ fe fe fe a ferris wheel
a blonde with two red ears went to her doctor . the doctor asked her what had happened to her ears and she answered , " i was ironing a shirt and the phone rang - but instead of picking up the phone i accidentally picked up the iron and stuck it to my ear . " " oh dear ! " the doctor exclaimed in disbelief . " but . . . what happened to your other ear ? " " the son of a bitch called back . "
of a swimmer saw four sharks , off the coast . three he missed , one almost . tight rope walker used no net , knew no fear . made mis - step , wound up here . novice farmer here lies clyde , whose life was full . until he tried , to milk a bull .
jcpenny blowdryer : do not use while sleeping * * * * * * * * * * caution : hot chocolate may be hot * * * * * * * * * *
how many scientists does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? none . with all the technology that they have , its a wonder that they still use lightbulbs .
two kids were bragging about the toys they owned . one of them said , " this is action man ! he ' s been in viet nam , operation desert storm , iraq - and the vacuum cleaner twice ! "
yo momma so fat she needs a boomerang to put on her belt
two lawyers are leaving the office . " i can ' t wait to get home , " says one of them . " as soon as i walk in the door , i ' m going to rip my wife ' s panties right off . " " i know the feeling , " the other says . " no , i ' m serious , " says the first . " they ' re killing me . "
yo momma smells so bad that she made an onion cry !
little bobby had been searching through a stationer ' s stock of greeting cards for some time when a clerk asked , " just what is it you ' re looking for ? a birthday greeting , message to a sick friend ? an anniversary , or a congratulations to your mom and dad ? " little bobby shook his head and answered , " no . er . . . got any blank report cards ? "
what do u call 1 paki on the moon ? answer : a problem what do u call 10 paki ' s on the moon ? answer : a problem what do u call 100 paki ' s on the moon ? answer : a problem what do u call all the paki ' s on the moon ? answer : problem solved
a man died and went to heaven , he went to the golden gates , and saw god . he didn ' t know who god was , so he took one look and said , " my god , who the hell are you ? "
one summer day a man came home early from work and was greeted by his wife dressed in very sexy lingerie and heels . " tie me up , " she purred , " and you can do anything you want . " so , he tied her up and went golfing .
a guy asks a young blonde woman he ' s just slept with , " am i the first guy you ever made love to ? " the blonde ashes out her cigarette and replies , " you might be . your face looks familiar . "
at the zoo a little girl sees two monkeys having sex . her mom hurriedly explains , " oh . . . they ' re just baking cakes . " the next morning the little girl says , " mommy , mommy , you and daddy baked cakes last night ! " " um , what makes you think that ? " the mother asks nervously . " because this morning there was icing all over the couch . "
a bag of cheetos has a contest . it says " no purchase neccesary " but the code is on the inside . . .
discovering too late that a watermelon spiked with vodka had accidentally been served to a luncheon meeting of local ministers , the restaurant ' s owner waited nervously for the clerics ' reaction . " quick , man , " he whispered to the waiter , " what did they say ? " " nothing , " replied the waiter . " they were all too busy slipping the seeds into their pockets . "
yo momma ' s so dumb , she tells you yo momma jokes !
you know what would be odd ? some one with a deep , dark voice calls you and says , " i know what your phone number is . . . heh heh . . . "
virgin mobile wanted to sponsor the national team . safa ( south african footballing association ) refused to let it happen . they said , " how will it look if the team has virgin written on their shirts when they get f * * * * d up every other weekend ? "
the things that come to those who wait will be the things left by those who got there first .
a sandwich walked into a bar and asked for a pint . the bartender said , " sorry , we don ' t serve food . "
if at first u dont suceed fuck the world and smoke some weed
today i was thinking to myself , how would my life be different if i was born one day earlier . i said nothing would change except i would have asked myself that yesterday .
a black man dies on halloween ; he is sent to purgatory for a year . on the next halloween , the man sees angels and god . he asked god if he is going to get wings and become an angel . god says , " no nigga , you are going to be a bat . "
cluckedy fuck , place your order comment from the editor : this is an extremely stupid joke and i would advise everyone to give it 0 smileys so that we can rid this world of stoners writing jokes ! !
beans , beans , good for the heart . the more you eat , the more you fart . the more you fart , the better you feel . so eat some beans with every meal .
yo momma ' s so ugly , the neighborhood kids dressed up as her for halloween .
a little old lady was going up and down the halls in a nursing home wearing only a flimsy negligee . as she walked , she would flip up her nightgown at people and say , " supersex ! ! " she walked up to an elderly man in a wheelchair . flipping her gown at him , she said , " supersex . " he sat silently for a moment or two and finally answered , " i ' ll take the soup . "
a man goes to school and learns stuff .
throwing acid is wrong - in some people ' s eyes
i know that most jokes about women involve the fact that they are not as " smart " as men and they cannot do two things at once . nothing could be further from the truth . i have never met a woman , no matter what age , who cannot multi - task , all women can multi - task . they talk and piss you off at the same time !
what ' s a specimen ? an italian astronaut !
what ' s a bigamist ? a heavy fog in naples !
what ' s bigotry ? what you find in an italian forest !
to find the inverse of a function , you reverse the process . to find the inverse of putting on your socks and shoes , how do you start ? socks first !
yo momma ' s so fat , she walks out to work in heels and comes back in pumps .
late one night at the insane asylum one inmate shouted , " i am napoleon ! " another one said , " how do you know ? " the first inmate said , " god told me ! " just then , a voice from another room shouted , " i did not ! "
why did julie lose the race ? because jodie won !
husband walks into his house with a chicken under his arm and says " honey i want you to meet the pig i ' ve been fucking . " wife looks at him and says " dear , that ' s a chicken not a pig ! " husband says " shut up bitch i wasn ' t talking to you ! "
i have a large seashell collection which i keep scattered all over the world .
i failed my driver ' s test . the guy asked me " what do you do at a red light ? " i said , " i don ' t know . . . look around , listen to the radio . . .
china has a population of a billion people . one billion . that means even if you ' re a one in a million kind of guy , there are still a thousand others exactly like you .
as i was coming back from canada , i stopped at the border and the guy asked , " do you have any firearms with you ? " i answered , " what do you need ? "
a man runs to the doctor and says , " doctor , you ' ve got to help me . my wife thinks she ' s a chicken ! " the doctor asks , " how long has she had this condition ? " " two years , " says the man . " then why did it take you so long to come and see me ? " asked the shrink . the man shrugs his shoulders and replies , " we needed the eggs . "
yo momma ' s so fat , when she put on a pair of nike ' s , it spelled out nickelodeon !
you ' re probably a redneck if . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . during your wedding , when you kissed the bride , your john deere hat fell off .
what do you do if you discover an endangered animal that eats only endangered plants ?
knock - knock why are you knocking ? i ' ve got a doorbell .
in arkansas , it is illegal to say the word arkansas incorrectly .
harassment : the teacher asked paco to use " harassment " in a sentence . paco smiles and says . . . . . . . . . " orale vato ( homeboy ) . . . mi ruca ( my girl ) caught me in bed with my sancha ( lover ) , pero ( but ) that ' s okay porque ( because ) i told her that . . . har ass ment nothing to me . "
matt ' s dad picked him up from school one afternoon . knowing the parts for the school play were supposed to be posted today , he asked his son if he got a part . matt enthusiastically announced that he ' d gotten a part . " i play a man who ' s been married for twenty years . " " that ' s great , son . keep up the good work and before you know it they ' ll be giving you a speaking part . "
rosy , posing thoughtfully in the mirror , says to nina , " i think i ' m going to see a dietitian . " nina asks , " why ? " rosy answers , " ' cause i need to know once and for all how many calories there are in semen . " nina replies , " i really have no clue , but if you ' re swallowing that much of it , no guy is going to care if you ' re a little chunky . "
joe and bill are out fishing and sipping beer while discussing football and nascar . all of a sudden joe says , " i think i ' m gonna divorce my wife . she hasn ' t spoken to me in over 6 months . " bill sips his beer and says , " you better think it over , women like that are hard to find . "
you might be a redneck if all of your good clothes have come from cases of beer !
you might be a redneck if at your wedding your tux has a sign on the back that says " sponsored by bubba ' s chicken and waffles ! "
a couple was arranging for their wedding , and asked the bakery to inscribe the wedding cake with " 1 john 4 : 18 " which reads , " there is no fear in love , but perfect love casts out fear . " the bakery evidently lost , smudged or otherwise misread the noted reference , and beautifully inscribed on the cake , " john 4 : 18 " " for you have had five husbands , and the man you have now is not your husband . "
when the river runs red take the dirt road instead !
man , your mom ' s like the ucla ; every year she gets beaten up by a lot of trojans !
you mom ' s soooo stupid , she thought fruit punch was a gay boxer !
walking past a veterinary clinic , a woman noticed a small boy and his dog waiting outside . " are you here to see dr . meyer ? " she asked . " yes , " the boy said . " i ' m having my dog put in neutral . "
we invite grandparents to a special day at our school , culminating in a photo op with grandparent and grandchild posing in front of a colorful display from a history class . only after the last shot was snapped did we notice what appeared above each grandparent ' s head : a banner screaming , " discover the ancient world . "
how men are like dogs * both take up too much space on the bed * both have irrational fears about vacuuming * neither tells you what ' s bothering him * neither of them notices when you get your hair cut * neither understands what you see in cats
on a trip to see santa , little johnny climbed into st . nick ' s lap and shared his wish list . later that day , in another store , there was santa again ! " and what would you like for christmas ? " he asked little johnny . shaking his head , johnny sighed , " you really need to write these things down . "
why was the little pointy - eared boy down in the dumps ? he had low elf - esteem . why does santa claus come down the chimney on christmas eve ? because it soots him .
how many elves does it take to change a light bulb ? ten . one to change the bulb , and nine to give him a boost .
on the first day of her vacation , a woman fell and broke her leg . as the doctor examined her , she moaned , " why couldn ' t this have happened on my last day of skiing ? " he looked up . " this is your last day of skiing . "
a bicyclist came whizzing down a steep hill and smashed into a car as i stood there watching in horror . i ran over to see if i could help and discovered the wild rider was a friend of mine , an attorney . i knew he was going to be just fine when the first words out of his mouth were , " did the driver admit he was at fault ? "
when she put on makeup it ' s just like water , comes straight off .
i use to eat natural foods , but then i found out that 65% of all people die of natural causes .
sadly i will never be able to join a nudist colony . . = [ my mother always told me not to point ! ! = ]
how do you know if a family tree is a redneck ' s ? the family tree goes straight down .
yo momma ' s so old , she doesn ' t need a history book .
what was the last thing nasa heard before apollo 13 crashed ? let her drive .
policeman : " lady , i ' m arresting you for prostitution . " woman : " i ' m not selling sex , i ' m selling condoms with a free demonstration . "
you are a big animal that is big .
q . how long does it take for a man to change a lightbulb ? a . 5 mins . 20 secs . 1 min to get a lightbulb 1 min to try and change it 1 min to swear because he can ' t do it 1 min to find a woman 20 secs . for her to change it 1 min for him to cry and gripe about it .
what ' s worse than 10 babies in one dumpster ? 1 baby in 10 dumpsters .
how do you keep a michigan state player out of your yard ? set up a goal post .
byuuyntfifgjrfnbrft9tn . . . told you so .
how do you confuse an irishman ? line 4 shovels up against a wall and tell him to take his pick .
why did the irish people jump on the bartender ? he said , " the drinks are on me . "
a little girl went into the barber shop to get a haircut . when the barber was cutting her hair he realized she was eating a little debbie snack . he said , " sweetie , you ' re going to get hair on your twinkie . " the little girl answered , " i know , and i ' m going to get boobs , too . "
a pregnant woman was taking a shower and her three year old daughter said , " mommy , you ' re getting fat ! " and the mother replied , " that because a baby is growing in my tummy . " to which the daughter said , " yeah , but what ' s growing in you butt ? "
one day there were 3 children that were sent to the head of the school ' s office . their names were fly , dick and piss . when they got there , no one was there so fly hid on the desk , dick hid under the desk and piss started to jump around . when the head of the school got there he said " fly down , dick up and piss on the floor ! "
this is a fun way to irritate your friends and family on your answering machine ! on your answering machine - " hello ? " pause , " what ' s up ? " pause again , " oh , well you must feel pretty stupid right now because you ' re talking to my answering machine ! so leave a message ! " beep .
four - year - old robert tells his kindergarten teacher that he has a new baby brother , called spot . " spot ? " says the teacher . " are you sure it ' s not a puppy your dad bought you ? " robert was adamant that his brother ' s name was spot - until next morning , when he issued a correction . " actually , it ' s mark . "
speak your mind out when you ' re angry . you ' ll make the best speech you ' ll ever live to regret .
knock knock ? who ' s there ? madame . madame who ? madame foot is stuck in the door ! ! ( my damn foot is stuck in the door . )
knock knock . who ' s there ? cows . cows who ? no , owls hoo , cows moo .
yo momma so ugly when i punch her she looks better than before .
yo momma ' s so fat that when i take a picture of her and hang it on the wall , it still falls down !
what did margie say about her brain surgeon ? " i really gave him a piece of my mind ! "
why should you look out for a pig that knows karate ? it might give you a pork chop !
movie stars are a reel treat !
how did alfo make a quart of juice from 3 oranges ? it was a tight squeeze .
this old couple is ready to go to sleep so the old man lays on the bed but the old woman lays on the floor . the old man asks , " why are you going to sleep on the floor ? " the old woman says , " because i want to feel something hard for a change . "
in clinton , alabama , it is illegal to molest your automobile . now how would you go about doing that ? and how would your automobile testify against you ?
what do you get when the post office burns down ? a case of black mail .
what do gorillas sleep on in fruit orchards ? apricots .
why does tommy run around the school track 98 times every day ? he has a run track mind .
how does a rodeo star get around ? with a cattle - act .
what happened when ray johnson fell off the empire state building ? now everyone calls him x - ray .
why did the quiz show give away $ 10 , 000 plus one banana ? they wanted the prize to have appeal .
woman ' s guide to sex : lay there and pretend to enjoy the experience and when it is done tell your partner it was the best you ever had . man ' s guide to sex " in , out repeat if necessary !
what did the penis say to the condom ? cover me i ' m going in !
two gay guys are having sex . the penis says to the asshole " you think you have it bad , i ' m up to my nuts in shit over here ! "
after everything i say i want you to say " i am a man . " you go to a bar . i am a man you see a girl and go meet her i am a man you take her home i am a man you get in bed with her i am a man she whispers in you ear i am a man ( this is very funny when saying it out loud with a friend . instruct them to say " i am a man . " after each line you say . )
how does the butcher introduce his wife meat patty
yo momma is like a tv ; even a 4 year old could turn her on .
yo momma so poor she found a ciagarette on the ground and said , " honey , we got a fire tonight ! "
one day a blonde and her boyfriend went to a car store . he asks her what car she wants but she says , " i dunno . " so he takes her around to all the car shops and she says , " i want the bmw . " he asks her why she wants a bmw and she says , " because i dunno how to spell the other brands ! "
you are not as stupid as you look . that would be impossible .
" what shall we play today ? " cori asked her best friend judy . " let ' s play ' school ' ! " said judy . " okay , " said cori , " but i ' m going to be absent . "
a blonde and a brunette have been fighting for over an hour about the sun . the brunette yells , " the sun is a star ! ! ! " the blonde yells , " no it ' s everyone in the world ' s farts ! " the brunette says to the blonde , " girl , you couldn ' t play any stupider ! " shocked , the blonde says in reply , " who ' s playing ? "
yo momma so old , she was at the afterparty when moses brought down the ten commandments .
yo momma so stupid , when moses brought down the ten commandments , she said , " where ' s the ketchup ? " hint : commandments condiments
this guy comes walking out of a store carrying a big grandfather ' s clock . a drunk man bumps into him and the guy drops the clock and smashes it all to hell . the guy says , " why don ' t you watch where you ' re going ? " and the drunk says , " why don ' t you carry a wrist watch like everybody else ? "
yo momma so ugly , she walks down the street and a little boy says , " look mommy , there ' s shrek ! "
a few decades from now , george bush will die ( everyone dies eventually ) . he goes up to heaven where he sees a bunch of clocks , and he asks god what the clocks do . " these clocks go forward one minute each time the person tells a lie . " bush looks for his clock . " where ' s mine ? " " oh , that one ? i use that as a ceiling fan . " " what ? "
a guy in a restaurant says to the waitress , " i want a cup of coffee without cream . " the waitress comes back a few minutes later and says , " i ' m sorry , but we ' re all out of cream . would you mind taking your coffee without milk ? "
an eight year old girl tried checking a book out of the library , entitled ' advice for young mothers ' . the librarian , being a typically nosey and puritanical librarian , asked , " why do you want to check out this particular book , dear ? " the little girl replied , " because i collect moths . "
beaverton , or - you must buy a $ 10 permit to be allowed to install a burglar alarm . portland , or - people may not whistle underwater .
a fool and his money are soon partying .
when does running mean walking ? when you ' re running out of gas !
q . what do you call asians swimming in a pool ? a . cornflakes
time may fly , but does it have wings ?
how many russian leaders does it take to change a lightbulb ? we don ' t know . russian leaders don ' t last as long as lightbulbs .
yo momma is so ugly , that when she was born the doctor smacked her butt and his hand melted !
conserve water . shower with a friend .
yo momma so fat she sank atlantis !
im not on my period . . . i just dont like you : p
what if there were no hypothetical situations ?
you can pick your friends , you can pick your nose ; but you cant pick your friends nose . . . . what true words . . . . !
during class , the chemistry professor was demonstrating the properties of various acids . " now i ' m dropping this silver coin into this glass of acid . will it dissolve ? " " no , sir , " a student called out . " no ? " queried the professor . " perhaps you can explain why the silver coin won ' t dissolve . " " because if it would , you wouldn ' t have dropped it in ! "
" apparatus " is a fancy word for thingy .
when heinz ketchup leaves the bottle , it travels at a rate of 25 miles per year . the bible has been translated into klingon . ten percent of the russian government ' s income comes from the sale of vodka . on average , 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year . in 10 minutes , a hurricane releases more energy than all the world ' s nuclear weapons combined . reno , nevada is west of los angeles , california . average lifespan of a major league baseball : 5 pitches .
elephants can ' t jump . every other mammal can . internationally , baywatch is the most popular tv show in history . five jell - o flavors that flopped : celery , coffee , cola , apple , and chocolate . the cigarette lighter was invented before the match . humans are the only primates that don ' t have pigment in the palms of their hands . the 3 most valuable brand names on earth : marlboro , coca - cola , and budweiser , in that order .
what do a divorce in alabama , a tornado in kansas and a hurricane in florida have in common ? somebody ' s fixin ' to lose them a house trailer .
a " jiffy " is an actual unit of time for 1 / 100th of a second . a dime has 118 ridges around the edge . a cat has 32 muscles in each ear . a dragonfly has a life span of 24 hours . a goldfish has a memory span of 3 seconds .
a shark is the only animal that can blink both eyes . a snail can sleep for three years . a crocodile cannot move its tongue .
babies are born without kneecaps . they don ' t appear until the child reaches 2 to 6 years old . butterflies taste with there feet . cats have over 100 vocal cords . dogs have about 10 . february 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon . in the last 4 , 000 years , no new animals have been domesticated .
if the population of china walked past you , in a single file , the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction . if you are an average american , in your whole life , you will spend an average of 6 months waiting at a red light . leonardo da vinci invented the scissors .
our eyes are always the same from birth , but our nose and ears never stop growing . peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite . rubber bands last longer when refrigerated . " lollipop " is the longest word typed with only the right hand . the average person ' s left hand does 56% of the typing .
there are 293 ways to make change for a dollar . there are more chickens than people in the world . there ' s no betty rubble in the flintstones chewable vitamins .
women blink nearly twice as much as men . your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks ; otherwise it will digest its self . the largest fish is the whale shark - it can be over 50 feet long and weigh 2 tons . the only continent without native reptiles or snakes is antarctica .
mosquitoes have 47 teeth . an ant can lift 50 times its own weight . holland is the only country with a national dog . the first penny had the motto " mind your own business . before mercury , brandy was used to fill thermometers . chinese is the most commonly spoken language in the world .
in 1634 , tulip bulbs were a form of currency in holland . a male kangaroo is called a boomer . penguins have an organ above their eyes that converts sea water to fresh water . bamboo makes up 99% of a panda ' s diet . the first human - made object to break the sound barrier was a whip . beavers were once the size of bears . the first ballpoint pens were sold in 1945 for $ 12 . 00 each .
antarctica is the driest , coldest , windiest and highest continent on earth . panama is the only place in the world that you can see the sun rise on the pacific and set on the atlantic . the only lighthouse to use electricity was the statue of liberty . a honey bee can fly up to 15 m . p . h .
hawaii is the only u . s . state not to report a temperature of 0f * or below . kangaroos can jump 30 ft . the first bike was called a hobbyhorse . a hummingbird weighs less than a penny . the smallest county in america is new york county , better known as manhattan .
a single coffee tree produces only about a pound of coffee beans a year . the only bird that can swim but not fly is the penguin . the tallest man was 8 ' 11 " the first vacuum was so large ; it was brought to a house by horse . a female kangaroo is called a flyer .
the average human produces about 10 , 000 gallons of saliva in a lifetime . until the nineteenth century , solid blocks of tea were used as money in siberia . americans spend more than $ 630 million a year on golf balls . you must play ping - pong for 12 hours to lose a pound . the life span of a taste bud is ten days .
2 , 500 left handers die each year using products designed for right handers . most people hear better with their right ear . animals that lay eggs don ' t have belly buttons . honey bees are the only insects that create a form of food for humans .
the first tv remote control , introduced in 1950 , was called lazy bones . lemon sharks can give birth to about 36 babies at one time . the top of the empire state building was originally built as a place to anchor blimps . the area code in cape canaveral , fl , is 321 .
baboons were once trained by egyptians to wait on tables . a queen bee can lay 800 - 1500 eggs per day . the popsicle was invented in 1905 by an 11 - year - old boy . " disco " means " i learn " in latin .
the first tv network kids show in the u . s . was " captain kangaroo . " before 1687 clocks were made with only an hour hand . there are towns named sandwich in illinois and massachusetts . caterpillars have over 2 , 000 muscles .
the first typewriter was called the " literary piano . " frogs can ' t swallow with their eyes open . a duck ' s quack doesn ' t echo . august has the highest percentage of births .
why do you drive on the parkway but park on the driveway ?
if april showers bring may flowers , what do may flowers bring ? pilgrims ! what are the feathers on a turkey ' s wings called ? turkey feathers . can a turkey jump higher than the empire state building ? yes - a building can ' t jump at all . why did they let the turkey join the band ? because he had the drumsticks . where did the first corn come from ? the stalk brought it . when the chips are down , the buffalo is empty .
yo momma ' s so fat , that when she went to the doctor , he did an ultrasound test .
one day , a six year old blonde came up to her mother and said : " when i grow up , i want to be a hillary duff , she ' s amazing ! " lol , only a blonde would say that .
what do men and sperm have in common ? they both have a one in - a - million chance of becoming a human being .
why did the chicken cross the road ? to go to the other side ! why did the mexican chicken cross the border ? to get to the u . s .
there was a atheist and his son dicussing religion . the young man later brought up the discussion with his friends , who explained to him the concept on the father , the son , and the holy spirit . that day the man went home and told his father that there were three gods and explained to him what his friends had said . the father stared at his son and said , " no , son , there is only one god , and we don ' t believe in him . "
the old pastor made it to a practice to visit the parish school one day a week . he walked into the 4th grade class , where the children were studying the states , and asked them how many states they could name . they came up with about 40 names . he jokingly told them that in his day students knew the names of all the states . one lad raised his hand and said , " yes , but in those days there were only 13 . "
one day , little johnny and his family went for a walk they saw two dogs having sex , girl on top of boy . johnny didn ' t know much about sex , so his parents didn ' t say anything . later that night , johnny ' s parents were having sex and johnny walked in on them . before his parent ' s could say anything , johnny yelled out , " mom get on top of dad . hurry , because i want a puppy ! ! "
what do you call a mexican with a vasectomy ? a dry martinez .
if there is h2o on the inside of a fire hydrant , what is on the outside ? k9p .
what goes oh oh oh ? santa walking backwards
how do you make the number 1 disappear ? add a " g " to it and it ' s " gone "
how does the barber cut the moon ' s hair ? e - clipse it
why did the blond cross the road ? i don ' t know . neither did he .
did you hear about the blonde who went shopping for lip - gloss just so she could pass the make - up exam ?
i was at home one day when my son walked in on me and my husband . he said " momma i found this moving around on the floor " . ( holding up my vibrator ) i said " huh ? " he asked if he could play with it . . . i said sure not knowing what it was at the time . . . . i come out of my room go in his and its in his ass . needless to say , he has watched me .
what did the blonde ' s left leg say to her right leg ? between the two of us , we can make a lot of money .
why is revenge sweet , but payback is a b * tch ?
age 1 : you don ' t piddle in your pants age 4 : you can walk without help age 21 : you can drive age 60 : you can drive age 70 : you can walk without help age 80 : you don ' t piddle in your pants
90 percent of people in idaho say , " oh shit ! " when in a car wreck , the other ten percent say , " hold my beer and watch this shit ! "
santa : oye , you know once , when i was very young , i jumped from the 20th floor of a building . banta : then what happened ? did you survived or die ? santa replied : " oye , i forgot , that was years ago " .
why did tom throw butter outside the window ? because he wanted to see the butter - fly .
yo momma so fat , when she get in the elevator , u know , its goin down ! ( does motorcyle dance )
a couple visit a sex therapist , who asked the wife , " what ' s your main complaint about your sex life ? she replied , " my husband suffers from premature ejaculation . " the therapist asked the husband , " is this true ? " he replied , " well , not exactly , i don ' t suffer . she does . "
something to text to your friendz the police found a body with no brain , fucked up teeth , a small dick , and a swollen asshole just called to make sure you are okay i was worried
what happens when a lion roars ? tom n jerry starts !
a woman invited some people to dinner . at the table , she turned to her six - year - old son , johnny , and said , " would you like to say the blessing ? " " i wouldn ' t know what to say , " little johnny replied . " just say what you hear mommy say , " the mother said . little johnny bowed his head and said , " dear lord , why on earth did i invite all these people to dinner ? "
baby brother little johnny ' s new baby brother was screaming up a storm . he asked his mom , " where ' d we get him ? " his mother says , " heaven , johnny . " johnny says , " geez , i can see why they threw him out . "
i loathe people who keep dogs . they are cowards who haven ' t got the guts to bite people themselves .
what ' s the most dangerous insect ? the hepatitis bee .
a = b , b = c , a = c . math teacher : if a = b and b = c then a = c . now give me the practical example of this principle from real life . student : i love you , sir , and you love your daughter , which means i love your daughter .
then there was the dyslexic robber who held up the bank with a gnu .
how do you confuse a frog ? put it in a round bowl and tell it to take a nap in the corner . how does a frog confuse you ? when he comes out and says he needed that nap and feels much better !
what is the difference between you and a ho ? the ho is smarter .
yo momma is so fat when she got into the ups truck they had to change the name to downs
what breaks up a redneck orgy ? when mom and dad / uncle arrive home too soon .
in year 1981 1 . prince charles got married 2 . liverpool crowned champions of europe 3 . australia lost the ashes 4 . pope died in year 2005 1 . prince charles got married ( again ) 2 . liverpool crowned champions of europe ( again ) 3 . australia lost the ashes ( again ) 4 . pope died ( again ) moral of the story - in future , if prince charles decides to re - marry . . . . please warn the pope
the mother of a problem child was advised by a psychiatrist , " you are far too upset and worried about your son . i suggest you take tranquilizers regularly . " on her next visit the psychiatrist asked , " have the tranquilizers calmed you down ? " " yes , " the boy ' s mother answered . " and how is your son now ? " the psychiatrist asked . " who cares ? " the mother replied .
this was real ! my brother and his friend went out to eat at a restaurant . the restaurant was packed so they had to wait . the waitress then asked them for a name so she could call them when their table was ready . my brother ' s friend decided to give her a fake name . so then my brother and his friend were waiting . when it they were finally called , this is what could be heard throughout the whole entire restaurant , " balz , party of two ! "
you might be a redneck if you carry more than two extra tires in the back of your truck .
you might be a redneck if you were married in a laundromat .
you might be a redneck if you eat cotton candy more than three times a week .
you might be a redneck if the only thing you inherited from your father was alcoholism .
you might be a redneck if both you and your wife wore ponytails on your wedding day .
you might be a redneck if there is a four - wheeler parked in your bedroom .
you might be a redneck if you think that " home security " means taking the front steps to your trailer with you when you leave the house .
you might be a redneck if your bar tab has page numbers .
you might be a redneck if you constantly call the feed and seed store to see if the cat has had her kittens yet .
you might be a redneck if your father - in - law said that you had no class , so you spit at him .
230 the number of keys in an ordinary piano is eighty eight 231 ' man is a tool making animal ' was said by benjamin franklin 232 the term ' anesthesia ' was coined by oliver wendell holmes 233 the first man to reach antartica was fabian gottlieb 234 the kilimanjaro volcano is situated in tanzania 235 the invention that is considered to have built america is dynamite
teacher : " can anybody give an example of ' coincidence ? ' " student : " sir , my mother and my father got married on the same day , same time . "
teacher : what a pair of strange socks you are wearing , one is green and one is blue with red spots ! student : yes it ' s really strange . i ' ve got another pair just like that at home
game set match = tennis set match run = arson
there once was a captain of a ship , and every day at a certain time he would lock himself up in his cabin and look inside a mysterious black box . he did this every day , but he told nobody what was inside the box . then one day he died , and in his testament he gave the crew permission to open the box . so they opened the black box , and what they found was a piece of paper : " starboard is right , port is left . "
yo momma so fat that when someone asked her for her weight , he replied with , " i asked for your weight , not your phone number . "
if you ' re being chased by a police dog , try not to go through a tunnel , then on to a little seesaw , then jump through a hoop of fire . they ' re trained for that .
the smartest dogs are the jack russell terrier and scottish border collie . dumbest : afgan hound . a rat can go without water longer than a camel can . the fat molecules in goat ' s milk are 5 times smaller than those found in cow ' s milk . it takes 20 minutes for the stomach to break down as opposed to the hour that it takes to break down cow ' s milk .
how you get rid of grey hairs : 1 . dye all your hair the color grey . 2 . shave your head . 3 . now you have no grey hairs .
yo momma ' s so stupid , that i told her to do the robot , and damn ! now r2 - d2 got aids !
which dog doesn ' t have a tail ? hot dogs , of course .
q : if 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrhea . . . a : does that mean that one enjoys it ?
did you know . . . . did you know that in the human body there is a nerve that connects the eyeball to the anus ? it is called the anal optic nerve . it is responsible for giving people a crappy outlook on life . if you don ' t believe it , pull a hair from your ass , and see if it doesn ' t bring a tear to your eye .
a couple enjoyed getting away from their high - stress jobs by spending weekends in their motor home , but their peace and quiet was often disturbed by well - meaning , but unwelcome , visits from other campers . finally , they found a way to assure themselves privacy . they painted a sign near their rv ' s door : " ask us about our whole life policies ! "
on the other hand you have five fingers .
some people have friends who are dwarfs , not me i have a friend who is a midget dwarf . he is the guy who poses for the sport trophys
women like silent men - they think they ' re listening .
a certain little girl , when asked her name , would reply , " i ' m mr . sugarbrown ' s daughter . " her mother told her this was wrong ; she must say , " i ' m jane sugarbrown . " the vicar spoke to her in sunday school , and said , " aren ' t you mr . sugarbrown ' s daughter ? " she replied , " i thought i was , but mother says i ' m not . "
and then there was the glass - blower who got hiccups and made 764 marbles .
if you think your life is bad , how would you like to be an egg ? you get laid once in life , you only get eatten once in life , it takes 4 min to get hard , but only 2 min . to get soft , you share your box with 11 other guys , but worst of all the only chick who ever sat on your face was your mother . pass this to someone who needs a good lay , sorry i mean day .
do you know what to say when someone is trying to roast you ? " sorry , but my brain doesn ' t interpret stupid . "
teacher : " how come you do not comb your hair ? " billy : " no comb , sir . " teacher : " use your dad ' s then . " billy : " no hair , sir . "
yo momma ' s so old , she babysat yoda ! !
little tommy was telling his friend billy all about his christmas presents . " my daddy bought me a mouth organ . it ' s the best present i ' ve ever had . " " why ? " " because my mummy gives me extra money every week if i don ' t play it . "
a group of young children was sitting in a circle with their teacher . she was going around in turn asking them all questions . " davy , what noise does a cow make ? " " it goes moo . " " alice , what noise does a cat make ? " " it goes meow . " " jamie , what sound does a lamb make ? " " it goes baaa . " " jennifer , what sound does a mouse make ? " " errr . . it goes . . click ! "
a mother was teaching her three - year - old daughter the lord ' s prayer . for several evenings at bedtime , she repeated it after her mother . one night she said she was ready to solo . the mother listened with pride , as she carefully enunciated each word right up to the end . " and lead us not into temptation " , she prayed , " but deliver us some e - mail , amen . "
man : why do you have a steering wheel in your crotch ? other man : my wife was driving me nuts
i invented a cure for amnesia - but i ' ve forgotten what it is !
a man was lost for hours when he suddenly came up to a house . the man knocked on the door and asks to enter . the woman who owns the house asked , " who is it ? " the man answered , " i and i king silassi i jah rasta fari . " the lady replied , " go away , there are too many of you for me to let you in . "
yo momma ' s so fat that her roller blades went flat .
sorry i ' m late . . . i had to walk down stairs . . . since yo momma took up the entire elevator and it broke .
a man boarded an airplane in sydney , australia , with a box of crabs . a female crew member took it and promised to put it in the crew ' s refrigerator , which she did . shortly before landing , she couldn ' t remember who gave her the package , so she announced to the entire cabin , " would the gentleman who gave me the crabs in sydney please raise your hand ? " not one hand went up , so she took them home and ate them herself !
1 . chuck norris beat the brick wall in tennis . 2 . the boogy man does not wait for chuck norris , chuck norris waits for the boogy man .
one employee asked another , " how long have you been working here ? " the second said , " ever since the boss threatened to fire me ! "
this is true ! in a speech george w . bush made in 2001 he concluded : but all in all , my wife and i have had a wonderful year ! ( 2001 was the year that the twin towers were destroyed )
how can you tell the difference between a blonde and a red head ? hair color .
how do you get pikachu on a bus ? you pokemon .
what do you get when you cross a dinosaur with a pig ? jurassic pork !
a woman phones up her husband at work for a chat . him " i ' m sorry dear but i ' m up to my neck in work today . " her " but i ' ve got some good news and some bad news for you dear . " him " ok , darling , but as i ' ve got no time now , just give me the good news . " her " well , the air bag works . "
one man solved his problem of too many visiting relatives by borrowing money from the rich ones and loaning it to the poor ones .
what ' s the difference between the library of congress and the house of representatives ? in the library of congress you ' re not allowed to lick the pages !
a son asked his mother the following question : " mum , why are wedding dresses white ? " the mother replies , " son , this shows your friends and relatives that your bride is pure . " the son thanks his mum and goes off to double - check this with his father . " dad , why are wedding dresses white ? " the father says , " son , all household appliances come in white . "
a teenage boy with spiked hair , a nose ring , and baggy clothes was overheard telling a friend , " i don ' t really like to dress like this , but it keeps my parents from dragging me everywhere with them . "
two fat men took part in a marathon . one ran in short bursts , and the other ran in burst shorts .
a fat woman and a slim woman were both smoking cigarettes ; which one finished hers first ? the fat woman - she takes bigger draws .
we all know that hilary duff dyed her hair blonde , but the turning point when she actually became a blonde was in a song she wrote . it was the following : " when the light is off then it isn ' t on . " from the song " so yesterday . "
don ' t think of yourself as a zero , think of yourself as the number below one .
the policeman stopped a woman for exceeding the posted speed limit . he asked the driver her name . " i ' m mrs . ladislav abdulkhashim zybkcicraznovskaya from the republic of uzbekistan visiting my daughter in columbia , " she said . the cop put away his summons book and pen , and said , " well , ok . . . but don ' t let me catch you speeding again . "
beer is proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy !
knock - knock who ' s there ? idaho . idaho who ? i da hoe ! ! !
a man hated the trojans . he loved usc . why ? he hated using trojan condoms . he wanted to have sex the o ' natural way .
why did richard nixon become president ? everyone called him dick ! they judged him by his name !
how do you know when you ' ve had enough sex ? when you die from aids !
" this storm is bad , " bob thundered .
a book never written : becoming a better artist by n . o . creativity
a book never written : l . o . l . ( lots o ' logs ) by p . lumyum
a book never written : yellow rivers by l . o . tsoftea
a teacher is telling her class she has two words that will not be allowed to use . teacher : there are two words which i will never let you use . one is gross and the other is cool . student : so what are the words ?
how many football players does it take to change a lightbulb ? the whole team - and they each get a semester scholarship for it .
here is a book never written . extinction is distinction by dinah soar
what bird can ' t fly as high as you can jump ? a bird in a cage .
which candles burn longer , the candles on a girl ' s cake or a boy ' s cake ? no candles burn longer . they all burn shorter .
a doctor one day was accidentally cut rather badly on the leg . he went to an operating theatre and started to stitch his own leg up , using a local anaesthetic . while doing this , a colleague came into the room , and offered to help . the first doctor thanked him , but said he would carry on himself . the second doctor said , " ok , suture self ! "
a blonde goes into a newsagent ' s office and asks for her usual paper . the newsagent says , " did you know your paper is going to cost more from tomorrow ? " " in that case , i ' d better buy ten more of today ' s ! "
yo momma is so dumb i told her to do an essay and she went and fucked a mexican . . .
how many george walter bushes does it take to change a lightbulb ? luckily , only 2 . the world can ' t handle many more idiots .
returning home from dinner out one night , i started to feel sick . suspecting food poisoning , i called the restaurant ' s manager . " i can ' t believe that happened ! " , she said . she sounded truly shocked . " what did you order ? " i told her i ordered the meat loaf . " that ' s weird , " she observed . " usually it ' s the stuffing . "
how do you tell when a lawyer is well - hung ? when you can ' t fit your fingers between the rope and his throat .
how many microsoft employees does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? none , they ' ll just make darkness the new industry standard !
what does playing the bagpipes and throwing a javelin blind - folded have in common ? you don ' t have to be very good at either to get a lot of peoples ' attention .
does anyone know why i have nightmares ? because the last man that had a " dream " got shot .
1 ) in bettendorf , it is illegal for liquor stores to place advertisements for beer outside the store . 2 ) in mount vernon , a person first must obtain written permission from the city council before throwing bricks into a highway .
a good marriage would be between a blind woman , and a deaf man .
wal - mart is planning on opening fifty new stores in areas that are blighted . ironically , the official definition of blighted is what happens to an area when wal - mart opens a store nearby .
jack : why did you name your pig paris hilton ? jill : she ' s always trying to hog up all the attention .
yo dadda liked women until he saw yo momma .
this is funny
you know what i did before i married ? anything i wanted to . - henny youngman
why does a dog have fur ? ' cause if he didn ' t he ' d be a little " bare " !
how many jews can you fit in a volkswagen ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 54 . two in the front , two in the back , and fifty in the ashtray . what is the difference between a large pizza and a jew ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the large pizza won ' t scream when you put it in the oven .
what ' s the difference between a black man and a large pizza ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - a large pizza can feed a family of four what do sperm and black men have in common ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - only one in a million work ! !
what do you call a drive - by shooting in chinatown ? a cappuchino .
yo momma ' s so stupid , when you asked her for an evening gown , she came back with a night dress !
how many snobby girls does it take to change a lightbulb ? all of them , they try , break a nail , and come crying home .
what ' s a bunny ' s favorite type of dance ? hip hop !
where do whales go to get their teeth checked ? to the orcadontis !
why was johnny ' s math book sad ? it had too many problems !
one day after a birthday party at the jumper house , a young blond told her mother : mommy , mommy , i ' m soooooo generous ! when i was about to go into the jumpers , i found so many shoes and took them to the lost and found ! aren ' t i soooooo generous ?
hey this is not a joke . just submit a full smiley just for the heck of it . wouldn ' t it be weird if the top joke wasn ' t even a joke ? so please , just give it a full smiley . if you think this is just stupid , then , please give this crap a zero smiley .
joe : what are you doing ? john : taxes . joe : why ? john : because i have to . . . . . . joe : that ' s stupid . i did mine over a year ago .
a guy was walking around town with a frog growing out of his head . another man walks up to him and ask him , " what happened to you ? " the frog answered , " well , it started as a wart on my ass . "
a little boy walks into his parents ' room and sees his parents having sex . " and you smack me for sucking on my thumb , mommy ? ! ? " , the boy exclaims . a little boy asks his mom where babies come from . " well from the stork , " mom replies . " so then who fucks the stork ? " , the kid asks .
knock - knock who ' s there ? kenya kenya who ? kenya eat me out ?
bob : i ' m going to go ride my spaceship . jack : what ' s a spaceship ? bob : dunno , i ' ll go invent it .
johnny comes back from school crying and says , " mommy all the kids in the school say i have a big head . " his mother replies , " no you don ' t johnny . you have a hideously deformed head . the other children are merely hiding the truth to protect your feelings . "
two jackrabbits are running from a pack of coyotes they manage to hide under a cactus . one says to the other : " should we run for it , or wait till we outnumber ' em ? "
a lovely young lady named kim went down to the river to swim a man in a punt stuck an oar in her eye and now she has to wear glasses .
a man into a whorehouse . once in the room with the prostitute , he puts $ 50 on the table and drops his pants . the hooker almost faints ; the guy has a 18 inch cock . she says , " hold on pal , i ' ll lick it , i ' ll suck it , but you ' re not sticking that in me . " the man pulls up his pants , picks up his $ 50 , and says , " screw that , i can do that myself ! "
how do you drown a blonde ? put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of the pool .
blahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblah pay me lots money sign for pain here _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
a young boy asks his dad , " what is the difference between confident and confidential ? " dad says , " you are my son , i ' m confident about that . your friend over there is also my son ; that ' s confidential ! "
jkfsh
" did you hear that tgi fridays is opening a new restaurant ? " " yeah , it ' s called wtf mondays . "
why did the blonde dance in front of the traffic light ? because she thought she was in a disco .
girl : " have you ever been caught been wearing your mother ' s bra ? boy : " no ! " girl : " so you have worn them but not been caught ? "
the gop congress will re - introduce drilling for oil in the arctic . republicans say the environmental effect is minimal ; a study shows caribou do not make campaign contributions .
joe : hey frank , what do you call an iraqi on a plane ? frank : hmm , terrorist bomber ? hell on air ? death on two wings ? joe : no , a pilot you racist !
two guys are sitting in a bar . the one says to the other , " are you going to the johnsons ' tonight ? " the other says , " dunno , i don ' t feel like it , but my wife wants to . " " yeah , me too , i don ' t feel like it , but my wife insists . " both of them sigh deeply , look at each other and say : " all right then . see you at the johnsons ' ! "
on one side of the world , a man is given a blowjob by a 80 - year - old woman . on the other side of the world , a stuntman attempts the unattemptable : tiptoeing on a stretched cord between two skyscrapers . what are they both thinking ? " don ' t look down , don ' t look down , don ' t look down , don ' t look down . . . "
a man goes to the nursing home to visit his 84 year - old father . while there he notices the nurse is giving his father hot chocolate and viagra . the man asks , " why are you doing that ? i mean , at his age what will it do for him ? " the nurse explains , " the hot chocolate will help him sleep . " the man says , " and the viagra ? " " keeps him from falling out of bed . "
hello , and welcome to the psychiatric hotline . if you are obsessive - compulsive , please press 1 repeatedly . if you are co - dependent , please ask someone to press 2 . if you have multiple personalities , please press 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 . if you are paranoid - delusional . . .
bob : did you get the tickets ? fred : what tickets ? bob : to the gun show ! well , let ' s see now , i think they ' re both pretty good , but . . . this one has it !
true story : my aunt and her son were coming to our house to view an old slide show of london . currently , my aunt has grey hair . in the slides she had black hair . my dad tells my cousin , " see , your mother doesn ' t look old here . " he replies , " well , you can also see when the hampton court palace was new . "
bob : how do you keep a turkey in suspense ? willie : i dunno . bob : i ' ll tell you later . . .
sven was in front of the mall jewellery store when he spied ole walking past carrying a small , gift - wrapped package . " so vat did ja buy , ole ? " ole replied , " tomorrow is lena ' s birthday and she said she vanted something wit lots of diamonds . " " so vat did you get her ? " asked sven . " a deck of cards ! " replied ole . - editor : ole ' s funeral services will be held later this week .
ah . . . all the good things we get out of electricity : the t . v . , computer , coffee machine , lights , and much more . what happens when the electricity goes out ? you stop complaining that you can ' t watch t . v . or send an e - mail , and go buy battery - powered things !
there is no job so simple that it cannot be done wrnog .
i knocked several times , but you weren ' t in . - opportunity
if an item is advertised as " under $ 50 " , you can bet it ' s not $ 19 . 95 .
if flattery gets you nowhere , try bribery .
if people listened to themselves more often , they would talk less .
if we learn by our mistakes , some of us are getting one great education !
men can live without air for a few minutes , without water for a few days , without food for about two months , and without new thoughts for years on end .
never insult an alligator until after you have crossed the river .
a student said to professor stigler : " professor stigler , i don ' t believe i deserve this f you ' ve given me . " to which stigler replied , " i agree , but unfortunately it is the lowest grade the university will allow me to award . "
a friend of mine was a frequent user of a pay telephone at a popular truck stop , and was greatly inconvenienced when the phone went out of commission . repeated requests for repair brought only promises . after several days , the phone company was again contacted and told that there was no longer a rush . the phone was now working fine - except that all money was being returned upon completion of each call . a repairman arrived within the hour !
a wealthy investor walked into a bank and said to the bank manager , " i would like to speak with mr . reginald jones , whom i understand is a tried and trusted employee of yours . " the banker said , " yes , he certainly was trusted , and he will be tried as soon as we catch him . "
a couple who lived together were talking one day , trying to figure out how to entertain themselves on a rainy day . " let ' s play hide and seek , " said the woman . " i ' ll hide and if you find me we ' ll have sex ! " " but what if i can ' t find you ? " asked her boyfriend . " i ' ll be behind the piano , " she said .
my therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what i start . so far today , i have finished two bags of chips and a chocolate cake . i feel better already .
from harper ' s magazine : amount of pizza eaten each day in u . s . ( acres ) : 75 .
on april fools day , a mother put a fire cracker under the pancakes . she blew her stack .
sign in restaurant window : " eat now - pay waiter . "
this last weekend i was reminded at the pace we are converting to metric . i was on i - 75 in ohio when i saw a sign that said : all signs metric - next 20 miles .
knock - knock who ' s there . pick up . pick up who ? pick up your truck and i ' ll grab the money .
the teenage son was having trouble mastering the fine points of balancing his new checking account . " the bank returned the check you wrote to the sporting goods store , " his mother said . " oh good , " he replied , " now i can use it to buy some stereo equipment ! "
a couple had been married for 45 years and had raised a brood of 11 children and were blessed with 22 grandchildren . when asked the secret for staying together all that time , the wife replies , " many years ago we made a promise to each other : the first one to pack up and leave has to take all the kids . "
after all is said and done , usually more is said than done .
a clean tie attracts the soup of the day .
don ' t lend people money . . . it gives them amnesia .
a boy comes home from school saying , " 3rd grade math has way bigger numbers than 2nd grade ! " his dad replies , " don ' t worry , when you start getting a paycheck they get smaller again . "
if you use your rollaway tool box for your bedroom dresser . if you are afraid to mow your lawn because you might find out where grandma ' s been for the last two months .
all inanimate objects can move just enough to get in your way .
any wire cut to length will be too short .
blessed is he who expects no gratitude , for he shall not be disappointed .
confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation .
yo momma ' s so ugly when she walks in a room mice jump on chairs !
be content with what you ' ve got , but be sure you ' ve got plenty of it .
the chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to . . . to . . . uhh . . .
the dictionary is the only place where success comes before work .
it ' s not what you say , but the way you say it . on a blind date , the boy said to the girl : " time stands still when i look into your eyes . " the girl was very flattered . what the boy had really meant was , " you have a face that would stop a clock . "
one of the greatest labor - saving inventions today is tomorrow .
there are two kinds of people who don ' t say much : those who are quiet and those who talk a lot .
no matter what happens , there is always somebody who knew that it would .
policeman : " when i saw you coming around the corner , i said to myself , ` fifty - five at least . ' " woman driver : " well , you are a long way off ! it ' s this hat that makes me look so old ! "
a farmer was driving along the road with a load of fertilizer . a little boy , playing in front of his house , saw him and called , " what ' ve you got in your truck ? " " fertilizer , " the farmer replied . " what are you going to do with it ? " asked the little boy . " put it on strawberries , " answered the farmer . " you ought to live here , " the little boy advised him . " we put sugar and cream on ours . "
the road by my house was in bad condition . every day , i dodged potholes on the way to work , so i was relieved to see a construction crew working on the road one morning . later , on my way home , i noticed the men were gone and no improvement in the road . where the crew had been working stood a new , bright - yellow sign with the words , " rough road . "
there are two rules for success in life : rule 1 - don ' t tell people everything you know .
why is it that there are so many more horses ' asses than there are horses ? - g . gordon liddy
you can fool all of the people some of the time , some of the people all of the time , and that should be sufficient for most purposes .
you can fool all of the people some of the time , and some of the people all of the time , but you can make a fool of yourself any time .
if you think it ' s hard to meet new people , try picking up the wrong golf ball .
two old men were arguing the merits of their doctors . the first one said , " i don ' t trust your fancy doctor . he treated old jake waxman for a kidney ailment for nearly a year , and then jake died of a liver ailment . " " so what makes you think your doctor is any better ? " asked his friend . " because when my doctor treats you for a kidney ailment , you can be sure you ' ll die of a kidney ailment . "
a man is sitting on a bench in the park reading a newspaper . suddenly he throws the paper onto the ground and yells , " all politicians are assholes . " a man sitting next to him in a finely pressed suit says , " i take offense to that ! " the pissed - off guy asks him , " why ? are you a politician ? " " no , " he replies , " i ' m an asshole . "
in the university , the lecturers were entering their classes . meanwhile , the students were doing their own stuff . when the lecturer said , " class , attention please ! " all of them still did something else . of course they didn ' t pay attention because the lecturer asked the class to pay attention !
overweight is something that just sort of snacks up on you .
four teenagers were arrested in the parking lot of a large mall in lakeland , fla . just before christmas . in an attempt to steal an automobile at random , they tried to break into a police van containing three officers on a stakeout .
a co - worker of mine fielded phone calls from his alumni association every three months for about five years , ostensibly checking to see that his records were up to date , and coincidentally asking if he ' d like to donate to the alumni association . once , when checking his records , the employee asked , " is xxx - xxxx your current phone number ? " seeing his opportunity , he answered no , and made up a new phone number . he hasn ' t heard from them since .
the song , " yankee doodle " was originally sung by british soldiers to insult the colonialists ( which was typical of the british in those days ) . the continental army took to singing it to annoy the british ( which was typical of the colonialists ) .
kenneth jeffries , 24 , was arrested in west haven , conn . , in august for robbing a convenience store . police reported that he had first offered the clerk $ 1 for a pack of gum as a ruse and then taken $ 40 in the robbery . however , said police , jeffries returned a minute later and asked , uncertainly , " did i pay for the gum ? " by that time the clerk had summoned police , and jeffries was soon apprehended .
so , what did one bowling pin say to the other bowling pin ? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . hey , you ' re a knock out !
did you hear about the magic car ? it turned into a driveway !
my health teacher said once he was talking to this one guy and a student . as they were talking the student got curious and asked , " how long have you been teaching here ? " my health teachser replied , " oh about 37 years . " the student said he must be old and the other guy , who is elderly as well says , " ya , and jesus still owes me a buck . "
how many price chopper employees does it take to wash a table ? three ; one to wash it and two to supervise .
if i ' m canoeing up a tree , how many cupcakes does it take to get to the moon ? none , since vests don ' t have sleeves .
how many hubluzas does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? there is no lightbulb !
i think that ' s how chicago got started . a bunch of people in new york said , " gee , i ' m enjoying the crime and the poverty , but it just isn ' t cold enough . let ' s go west . "
rhett jacobs , democratic candidate for the south carolina house and a man who listed " education " as his top priority , submitted a required campaign disclosure form in october , handwritten , on which he detailed expenses for " filling fee , " " campain work " and " litature . "
as the plane was flying low over hills near athens , a lady asked the stewardess : " what ' s that stuff on those hills ? " " just snow , " replied the stewardess . " that ' s what i thought , " said the lady , " but this fellow in front of me said it was greece . "
buy company , fire them . beware of machine guns .
good friends are the ones who will bail you out of jail . but . . . true friends are the ones who wil be sitting next to you in prison and say , " you know , we sure messed up there , buddy ! "
a lawyer in basic math class " what is two plus two ? " " well , first let us decide the parties . the first two is party a . now first , where are the signatures that my client two wants to be added to the party b , two . i see no signatures , and therefore the two twos shan ' t be together until further paperwork is done . two and two remain separate , case closed ! "
how does a sperm bank treat its donors ? on a first come , first serve basis .
yo momma is so fat and so pale white , when they landed on her they said " this is one small step for man , and one fat leap for mankind ! "
the businessman dragged himself home and barely made it to his chair before he dropped , exhausted . his sympathetic wife was right there with a tall cool drink and a comforting word . " my , you look tired , " she said . " you must have had a hard day today . what happened to make you so exhausted ? " " it was terrible , " her husband said , " the computer broke down and all of us had to do our own thinking . "
a number twelve walks into a bar and asks the barman for a pint of beer . " sorry i can ' t serve you , " states the barman . " why not ? ! " asks the number twelve with anger showing in its voice . " you ' re under 21 , " replies the barman .
why did the cow cross the street ? to get to the udder side !
what do you call a one - legged lady ? eileen !
which animal has no teeth ? a gummy bear !
this man comes home feeling pretty frisky after partying with his buddies half the night . he walks into the bedroom where his wife is still waiting up for him . he takes off all of his clothes and says , " baby , you are looking at 200 pounds of dynamite . " his wife opens the window and yells , " everybody run for your lives , there ' s 200 pounds of dynamite in my bedroom , and it only has a three inch fuse ! "
yo momma ' s so stupid she tried to drown a fish .
how can you tell an elephant from an ant ? an ant is easier to pick up !
how can you tell when a blonde is having a bad day ? she has her tampon behind her ear and she cant find her pencil !
why do bald men put holes in their pockets ? so they can run their fingers through their hair !
q : how do you know when a blonde is on her period ? a : she only has on one sock !
a regular at bob ' s bar came in one evening sporting a matched pair of swollen black eyes that appeared extremely painful . " whoa , sam ! " said the bartender . " who gave those beauties to you ? " " nobody gave them to me , " said sam . " i had to fight like crazy for both of them . "
how did the aliens hurt the farmer ? they trod on his corn .
an office technician got a call from a blonde . the blonde told the tech that her computer was not working . she described the problem and the tech concluded that the computer needed to be brought in and serviced . he told her to " unplug the power cord and bring it up here and i will fix it . " about fifteen minutes later she shows up at his door with the power cord in her hand .
lawyers are safe from the threat of automation taking over their professions . no one would build a robot to do nothing .
two deaf men were in a coffee shop discussing their wives . one signs to the other , ' boy was my wife mad at me last night . she went on and on and wouldn ' t stop ! ' the other buddy says , ' when my wife goes off on me i just don ' t listen . ' ' how do you do that ? ' says the other . ' it ' s easy ! i turn off the light ! '
private loyds was brought up before the unit co for some offense . " you can take your choice , private - one month ' s restriction or twenty days ' pay , " said the officer . " all right , sir , " said the bright soldier , " i ' ll take the money . "
patient : doctor , what i need is something to stir me up ; something to put me in a fighting mood . did you put something like that in this prescription ? doctor : no need for that . you will find that in your bill .
a police car pulled me over near the high school where i teach . as the officer asked for my license and registration , my students began to drive past . some honked their horns , others hooted , and still others stopped to admonish me for speeding . finally the officer asked me if i was a teacher at the school , and i told him i was . " i think you ' ve paid your debt to society , " he said with a smile , and left without giving me a ticket .
schwarznegger has a big one , michael j . fox has a small one , madonna doesn ' t have one , the pope has one but doesn ' t use it , clinton uses his all the time , mickey mouse has an unusual one , george burns ' was hot , liberace never used his on women , jerry seinfeld is very very proud of his , we never saw lucy use desi ' s . what is it ? a last name . . . . . . . were you thinking of something else ?
astronomers were excited this week at having isolated a brief sound which occurred immediately before the big bang . apparently , that sound was " uh oh . "
kid : mom , can i get the hot lunch tomorrow ? mom : what are they serving ? kid : swiss steak . pleeeeeease ? mom : okay ! okay ! i didn ' t know you liked swiss steak so much . kid : oh , yeah ! it sticks to the ceiling way better than the lasagna .
a salesman , tired of his job , gave it up to become a policeman . several months later , a friend asked him how he liked his new role . " well , " he replied , " the pay is good and the hours aren ' t bad , but what i like best is that the customer is always wrong . "
what do you get when you cross an eagle with a jeep and a dog ? a flying car - pet !
nine cats were on a boat . one jumped off . how many were left ? none . they were all copy - cats !
i was wondering why the frisbee kept getting larger . then it hit me . . .
these are actual newspaper headlines gathered from papers across the country . march planned for next august blind bishop appointed to see lingerie shipment hijacked - thief gives police the slip l . a . voters approve urban renewal by landslide patient at death ' s door - doctors pull him through latin course to be canceled - no interest among students , et al . diaper market bottoms out croupiers on strike - management : " no big deal " stadium air conditioning fails - fans protest
these are actual newspaper headlines gathered from papers across the country . queen mary having bottom scraped lawyers give poor free legal advice fund set up for beating victim ' s kin cancer society honors marlboro man nicaragua sets goal to wipe out literacy autos killing 110 a day - let ' s resolve to do better 20 - year friendship ends at altar half of u . s . high schools require some study for graduation blind woman gets new kidney from dad she hasn ' t seen in years
why was the fish expelled from school ? he was caught with seaweed !
when you ' re swimming in the creek , and an eel bites your cheek , that ' s a moray !
when your pet bird sees you reading the newspaper , does he wonder why you ' re just sitting there , staring at carpeting ?
the trouble with doing nothing is that you never know when you are finished .
why did the tent agree to stand up all night ? he was roped into it !
why did the big knot give the little knot a time - out ? it was being knotty !
a man who had been caught embezzling millions from his employer went to a lawyer seeking defense . he didn ' t want to go to jail , but his lawyer told him , " don ' t worry . you ' ll never have to go to jail with all that money . " the lawyer was right . when the man was sent to prison , he didn ' t have a dime .
a lawyer calls his client to tell him about his fee schedule . " alright , " the lawyer says , looking through his papers . " you owe me $ 1000 down and $ 417 . 58 cents each month for the next thirty - six months . " " what ? that sounds like a car payment schedule , " retorted the client . " you ' re right . it ' s mine . "
lawyer : " now that you have been acquitted , will you tell me truly ? did you steal the car ? " client : " after hearing your amazing argument in court this morning , i ' m beginning to think i didn ' t . "
" how can i ever thank you ? " gushed a woman to clarence darrow , after he had solved her legal troubles . " my dear woman , " darrow replied , " ever since the phoenicians invented money there has been only one answer to that question . "
chuck norris has two speeds - walk and kill . chuck norris sold law and order for using the names of his arms and legs . chuck norris hides his third arm underneath his beards . when chuck norris does a push up he is not pushing himself up , he is pushing the world down .
what do you call a nun that becomes an attorney ? sister in law !
at an exhibition of military painting a visitor was admiring a picture . " what a great realist that painter is ! " he exclaimed . " what painter ? " " the one that painted this picture ' soldiers at work ' . " " yes , hut something is wrong there . those soldiers aren ' t working at all ! " " that is just the greatest stroke of realism in the picture ! "
teacher : what is the axis of the earth ? student : the axis of the earth is an imaginary line which passes from one pole to the other , and on which the earth revolves . teacher : very good . now , could you hang clothes on that line ? student : yes , sir . teacher : indeed , and what sort of clothes ? student : imaginary clothes , sir .
an old man saw a very tired infantryman resting after a hard foot march . the man said with disdain : " when i was of your age i thought nothing of a ten - mile hike . " " well , i don ' t think much of it either , " replied the gi .
how many magicians does it take to change a light bulb ? into what ?
two maggots were playing billiards . one says , " i ' m bored . " the other replies , " beats fishing . "
why can ' t a dalmatian puppy hide from his mom ? ' cause he ' s already been spotted !
my husband , being unhappy with my mood swings , bought me a mood ring the other day so he would be able to monitor my moods . we ' ve discovered that when i ' m in a good mood it turns green . but when i ' m in a bad mood it leaves a big red mark on his forehead . maybe next time the cheap bastard will buy me a diamond !
a state police colleague of mine once received a call from a woman who asked him how to baste a turkey . after a stunned moment , he , being a fairly good cook , described the procedure . then he asked , " but why would you call the state police to find out how to baste a turkey ? " there was only a slight hesitation before she replied , " well , you knew , didn ' t you ? " and hung up .
the man passed out in a dead faint as he came out of his front door onto the porch . someone called 911 . when the paramedics arrived , they helped him regain consciousness and asked if he knew what caused him to faint . " it was enough to make anybody faint , " he said . " my son asked me for the keys to the garage , and instead of driving the car out , he came out with the lawn mower ! "
" it ' s no good , sir , " said the hopeless pupil to his english teacher . " i try to learn , but everything you say goes in both ears and out the other . " " goes in both ears and out the other ? " asked the puzzled teacher . " but you only have two ears . " " you see , sir ? i ' m no good at math , either . "
haiku are funny but sometimes they don ' t make sense refrigerator
never smack a man who ' s chewin ' tobacco .
to keep your marriage brimming with love in the marriage cup , whenever you ' re wrong , admit it ; whenever you ' re right , shut up . - nash
at a local coffee bar , a young woman was expounding on her idea of the perfect mate to some of her friends . " the man i marry must be a shining light amongst company . he must be musical , tell jokes , sing - and stay home at night ! " an old granny overheard and spoke up , " honey , if that ' s all you want , get a television ! "
it might look like i ' m doing nothing , but at the cellular level i ' m really quite busy .
someday , we ' ll look back on this , laugh nervously , and change the subject .
this reminds me of something yesterday at work . a colleague was relating a conversation he had with his young daughter , just a bit over 2 years old . they were discussing geography and . . . " where does mommy live ? " " minneapolis . " " where does grandma live ? " " baltimore . " " where does grandpa live ? " " baltimore . " " and where does daddy live ? " " at work ! " needless to say , he took the next day off !
how many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb ? none , it turned itself in .
two guys were walking along a road in georgia when they were struck by a police car driven by a drunken cop . one guy was thrown through the windshield and his buddy was knocked down an embankment . the first guy was charged with breaking and entering ; and the second with leaving the scene of an accident .
five policemen were on a boat . the boat sank . how many policemen died ? 10 - five during the accident , and five during the re - enactment .
how many cops does it take to throw a man down the stairs ? none . he fell .
how many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb ? just one , but he is never around when you need him .
a young man was in the process of taking a verbal exam to join the local police force . " if you ' re driving a police car , alone on a country road at night , and are being chased by a group of criminals driving sixty miles an hour , what would you do ? " he was asked . without hesitation , the young man replied , " seventy ! "
a father in a hurry , taking his 8 - year - old son to school , made a turn at a red light , where it wasn ' t allowed . " uh - oh , i just made an illegal turn ! " he said . " that ' s ok , dad , " his son replied . " the police car right behind us did the same thing . "
thor : the scandinavian god of acheth and painth .
q : what is the mating call of a blonde ? a : " i ' m drunk ! "
a couple was having a discussion about family finances . finally the husband exploded , " if it weren ' t for my money , the house wouldn ' t be here ! " the wife replied , " my dear , if it weren ' t for your money i wouldn ' t be here . "
it was christmas , and the judge was in a merry mood as he asked the prisoner , " what are you charged with ? " " doing my christmas shopping early , " replied the defendant . " surely that ' s no offense , " said the judge . " how early were you doing this shopping ? " " before the store opened . "
the american tourist in dublin had been complaining a great deal about the food . " here , " he said to the waitress , holding out a piece of meat for inspection , " do you call that pig ? " " which end of the fork , sir ? " the waitress asked .
murphy said to his daughter , " i want you home by eleven o ' clock . " she said , " but father , i ' m no longer a child ! " he said , " i know , that ' s why i want you home by eleven . "
what does nascar stand for ? non athletic sport created around rednecks
did you hear about the woman who had sex with a donkey ? apparently she liked an ass .
touring ireland ' s countryside with a group of travel writers , we passed an immaculate cemetery with hundreds of beautiful headstones set in a field of emerald - green grass . everyone reached for their cameras when the tour guide said the inventor of the crossword puzzle was buried there . he pointed out the location , " three down and four across . "
a woman calls her boss one morning and tells him that she is staying home because she ' s not feeling well . " what ' s the matter ? " he asks . " i have a case of anal glaucoma , " she says in a weak voice . " what in the hell is anal glaucoma ? " he inquires . " well , i just can ' t see my ass coming to work today . "
a motorist was on trial for hitting a pedestrian . his lawyer argued , " your honor , my client has been driving for over twenty - five years . " " your honor , " the plaintiff ' s lawyer retored , " if this case is going to be judged by experience , may i remind you that my client has been walking for over fifty years ! "
while i was visiting my sister one evening , i took out a candy dispenser that was shaped like a miniature person . " how does that thing work ? " she asked . as i turned the figurine ' s arm to pop candy out , my sister laughed . " i see . . . it ' s a lot like my husband , " she said . " you have to twist his arm to get anything out of him . "
a teacher was sitting at her desk grading papers when her first - grade class came back from lunch . alice informed the teacher , " paul has to go to the principal ' s office . " " i wonder why , " the teacher mused . " because he ' s a following person , " alice replied . " a what ? " the teacher asked . " it came over the loudspeaker : ' the following persons are to go to the office . ' "
how many dicks can a redneck girl take at a time ? it depends on how many brothers she has .
yo mama is so poor she eats cereal with a fork to save milk .
why do the arkansas cheerleaders wear bibs ? to keep the tobacco juice off their uniforms .
attending her first confession , the new nun tells the priest that she has a terrible secret . " sister dominique , " the priest says , your secret is safe in the sanctity of the confessional . " " father , " she says , " i never wear underwear under my habit . " with a little chuckle , the priest says , " that is not too serious , sister dominique . for penance , say three hail marys , three our fathers and do five cartwheels on your way to the altar . "
during his sermon , the preacher was wired for sound with a lapel mike . as he preached , he continued to move briskly about the platform , jerking the mike cord as he went . at one point , he moved to one side and got caught up in the cord , nearly tripping before he jerked it again . after several circles and jerks , a little girl in the second pew leaned toward her mother and whispered , " mommy , if he gets loose , will he hurt us ? "
little johnny had the flu and wasn ' t able to attend the palm sunday church service with his family . when they returned home from the service , they were carrying palm branches . " what are those ? " little johnny asked his mother . " people held them over jesus ' head as he walked by , " his mother explained . " well , doesn ' t that just figure , " grumbled little johnny . " the one sunday i can ' t go to church , and jesus shows up ! "
why don ' t politicians ever consider being gynocologists ? they would have to deal with too much bush every day !
q . what do elfs learn while in school ? a . the elfabet !
knock - knock . . who ' s there ? panther . . . . panther who ? panth - er no panth i ' m goin ' thwimmin ' !
a man stumbles into his house after a night of drinking and is greeted by his very angry wife . " what ' s the big idea of coming home half drunk ? " she yells . " i ' m sorry , honey , but i ran out of money , " he mutters .
this really happened ( honest ! ) a bunch of very young girls arrived at our door at halloween . my mum , being friendly , asked them whereabouts they lived , because she hadn ' t seen them before . they replied , " we live quite near here , where do you live ? "
there was a child who came back from school one day with loads of cuts and bruises and his bike broken . the concerned mother asked him what had happened . so , the child says " well , when the fridge landed on me . . . "
this really happened ( honest ! ) a man was receiving death threats from another man , so he took him to court . the judge threw the case out on the basis that " the threats obviously hadn ' t been carried out . " really , how stupid can you get ?
the politician was sitting at his campaign headquarters when the phone rang . he answered it and listened intently . after a brief moment , his face lit up with a smile . he hung up the phone and immediately called his mother to pass along the good news . " ma , the results are in , " he shouted joyously . " i won the election ! " " honestly ? " his mother replied . " aw , gee , ma , what a time to bring that up ! " he said .
a group of american tourists were on a guided tour through an ancient castle in europe . " ladies and gentlemen , " the guide said , " this castle is over 700 years old . nothing has been altered or touched in all those years . " " sounds like they have the same cheap landlord i have ! " exclaimed one of the tourists .
little susie was mother ' s little helper and always set the table when company was coming for dinner . the table was set , the visitors had arrived and everyone sat down at the table when mother noticed that something was missing . " susie , you didn ' t put a knife and fork out for mr . grover , " mother said . " i didn ' t think he would need them , mommy , " susie explained . " daddy says he eats like a horse ! "
a murderer was secured to the electric chair , about to be executed . the chaplain approached him and asked , " do you have any last requests ? " " yes , " replied the murderer . " would you hold my hand ? "
there was a blond walking down the street , and she saw an empty coke can on the floor . so she picked it up and handed it to lost property .
yo momma so fat , she ate 100 cakes yesterday and got thinner .
chapstick is selling a new product in england . it is the regular chapstick with viagra added to the formula . englishmen like it because it helps them keep a stiff upper lip .
pirate blackbeard ' s ship license had expired so he went into the shipping license office and got a new one , but on the new one he needed an updated photo of himself . so , pirate blackbeard went into the photographer ' s room and asked to have his photo taken . the photographer obliged and said , " ok , please pose front on " and took a photo . he need to take another photo so he asked blackbeard to " please poseidon ! "
jack and jill went up the hill to have a quiet smoke . jack returned with lung cancer and jill a fatal stroke .
a bunch of lawyers were sitting around the office playing poker . " i win ! " said johnson . henderson threw down his cards . " that ' s it ! i ' ve had it ! johnson is cheating ! ! ! " " how can you tell ? " phillips asked . " those aren ' t the cards i dealt him ! "
if four people are standing under an umbrella and the umbrella has a hole in it , how many people are getting wet ? none . it wasn ' t raining !
when you have a fat friend , there are no seesaws , just catapults .
what you don ' t want to hear on an aeroplane : " you can ' t leave us now captain , not at this stage ! "
there once was a blonde who was writing a book . she didn ' t know what else to write , so she took a block from her little sisters toy box and went to go and watch tv . her mom comes in and sees the book on the table with the wooden block on it . she goes ask her daughter what it was and her blonde daughter responded , " it ' s writers block mommy ! "
q : what is the difference between a dog and a fox ? a : about five drinks .
why is it dangerous to go in the jungle after 5 p . m ? because elephants jump out of trees after 5 p . m . why do beavers have flat tails ? because they go in the jungle after 5 p . m !
everyone on a passenger ship could see a bearded man on a small island , shouting and desperately waving his hands . " who is that man ? " a passenger asked the ship ' s captain . " why is he so upset ? " " i have no idea , " the captain replied , " but , every year when we pass by here , he goes crazy . "
is the reason they make oriental flavored noodles for americans to get back at them for eating our dogs ?
the blonde walked into a bar . the brunette used the door . the redhead actually opened the door , and the asian actually went through the door .
q : why did the chicken cross the road ? a : ssccrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeccccccccccchhhhhhhhhh . . . thump . we shall never know . . .
yo mama so dirty that she was banned from a sewage facility because of sanitation worries !
q : where does a blackbird go for a drink ? a : to a crow bar .
a detachment of paratroopers was practicing in a rural area . one jumper landed on the property of an old mountain man and his very large family . one of the kids saw the chute floating down and yelled out to his father , " pa , bring your shotgun . the stork is bringing ' em full grown now ! "
with what kind of bread do elves make their sandwiches ? shortbread !
two young cowboys - aged six and four - walked into the pretend bar for a drink . the older cowboy thumped his fist on the pretend bar and said to the pretend bartender , " bartender , gimme a rye whiskey ! " the younger cowboy was not to be outdone . " yeah , and make mine a whole wheat ! "
and god created woman and she had three breasts . god then asked the woman , " is there anything you would like to have changed ? " " yes , " the woman replied . " could you get rid of this middle breast ? " and so it was done . holding the third breast in her hand , the woman exclaimed , " what can be done with this useless boob ? " and god created man .
365 . 25 days on a low - calorie diet - 1 lite year
clones are people two .
this will make your computer a lot faster , and it is really ezpz ! the thing is , most ppl lack the knowlege to use it . 1 . go to the start menu 2 . click my computer 3 . right click ( c : ) 4 . click format 5 . click yes 6 . repeat on ( d : ) , then ( e : ) , then ( a : ) 7 . ta da ! ftr , if you do this , you will completely erase everything on your computer
billy ' s teacher sent a note home to mom saying , " billy is a very bright boy , but spends much too much time thinking about girls and sex . " the next day mom sent a note back to the teacher saying , " if you happen to find a solution , please advise . i have the same problem with his dad . "
when little johnny got his exam paper back , he saw a big red f staring back at him . billy looked at his glum friend and asked , " why did you get such a low mark on that test ? " " because of absence , " johnny answered . " you mean you were absent on the day of the test ? " billy inquired . little johnny replied , " i wasn ' t , but the kid who sits next to me was . "
yo momma so stupid she copied someone in an exam and got less than them .
a blonde asks a woman , " excuse me , what time is it right now ? " the woman replies , " it ' s 11 : 25pm . " the blonde with a confused look on her face replies , " you know , it ' s the weirdest thing . i ' ve asked that question thirty times today and every time someone gives me a different answer . "
" well , jonathan , what are you going to do about the excess weight you ' re carrying around ? " the doctor asked . " i don ' t understand it , doc , " jonathan replied , " i just can ' t seem to lose weight . i must have an overactive thyroid . " " jonathan , the tests show that your thyroid is perfectly normal , " replied the doctor . " it ' s your fork that ' s overactive . "
we regret to inform you , but by opening this email , you have just received the ' idiot computer virus ' . since our staff does not have any programming experience , this virus works on the honor system . please delete all files from your hard drive immediately , then manually forward this virus to everyone on your mailing list . thank you
what ' s the hardest thing about rollerblading ? telling your parents that you are gay .
when the media askes george bush a question about the war he says , " uhh , can i use a life line ? "
marriage " marriages don ' t last . when i meet a guy , the first question i ask myself is : is this the man i want my children to spend their weekends with ? " - rita rudner
" you could use your old computer to shop for a new computer online . but that seems kind of cruel , doesn ' t it ? like asking your dying spouse if he or she has any cute friends . " - scott ostler
" while getting dressed one morning , i decided i have been spending waaaaay too much time on the computer , when i caught myself checking the lower right corner of my make - up mirror to see what time it was . " - unknown
lemon grove a woman was applying for a job in a florida lemon grove . when the foreman looked over her application , he felt she was far too qualified for the job . " look , miss carter , " said the foreman , " do you have any actual experience in picking lemons ? " " oh , yes , i certainly do , " she replied . " i ' ve been divorced four times . "
no smoking prohibited slow children warning : corners of sign are sharp a street downtown 1 quarter mile no parking 2am - 5am ( right underneath that sign ) 2 hour parking 9am - 6pm ( right underneath that sign ) 15 minute parking 8am - 5pm caution - water on road during rain airplane crossing bear bottom drive emergency telephone 174 km ahead road hump ahead tank xing
a recent college graduate got hired by the human - development center of a large corporation to train the employees in proper dress code and etiquette . one day as she was stepping onto the elevator , a man who was casually dressed in jeans and a golf shirt got on with her . " dressed a little casually today , aren ' t we ? " she said in a scolding tone . " that ' s one of the benefits of owning the company , " the man replied with a grin .
salary increase " i must have a raise , " the man said to his boss . " there are three other companies after me . " " really ? " the boss asked . " what other companies are after you ? " " the gas company , the telephone company , and the electricity company , " the man replied .
so i said to the taxi driver , " king arthur ' s close . " he said , " don ' t worry , we ' ll lose him at the next set of lights . " - tommy cooper .
so i rang up my local swimming baths . i said " is that the local swimming baths ? " he said , " it depends where you ' re calling from . "
i inherited a painting and a violin which turned out to be a rembrandt and a stradivarius . unfortunately , rembrandt made lousy violins and stradivarius was a terrible painter . - tommy cooper
it takes fewer muscles to smile than to frown - and fewer still to ignore someone completely .
i believe no problem is so large or so difficult that it can ' t be blamed on someone else .
a father and his son , bobby , arrive at the game - and dad can ' t find the tickets . dad : " nip home and see if i left the tickets there . " bobby : " no probs , dad . " half an hour later bobby returns to his dad who is patiently waiting outside the stadium . bobby : " yep , they ' re on the kitchen table where you left them . "
it is important - 1 . it is important to find a woman who is a good cook and housekeeper . 2 . it is important to find a woman who makes good money . 3 . it is important to find a woman who likes to have sex regularly . 4 . it is important that these three women never meet .
joseph , mary and their son were doing chores around their home in nazareth when suddenly , jesus ran outside to joseph , and asked , " did you call me ? " " no , i ' m sorry , " joseph replied , " i just hit my thumb with the hammer again . "
abraham wanted to put windows vista on his computer , but isaac was concerned : " but father , we don ' t have enough memory for that ! " " don ' t worry , son , god will provide the ram . "
a little boy was overheard praying : " lord , if you can ' t make me a better boy , don ' t worry about it . i ' m having a real good time like i am . "
" if you do settle in the south and bear children , don ' t think we will accept them as southerners . after all , if the cat had kittens in the oven , we wouldn ' t call ' em biscuits . "
how can you be sad when you are at the sunshine happiness parade of friendly friends ?
redneck threats : - i ' ll slap you so hard , your clothes will be outtalk style . - this ' ll jar your preserves . - don ' t you be making ' me open a can o ' whoop - ass on yaw !
redneck compliments - cute as a sack full of puppies . - if things get any better , i may have to hire someone to help me enjoy it . - gooder than grits .
why is alabama the smartest state in the u . s . ? it has four " a " s and a " b " .
if you think i ' m a redneck tell that to my kids : bobby sue , buck , jim bob , bubba , enus , jed , dwayne , billy bob , clitus , dale , otis , coy , bo , hattie , cooter , wade , larlene , clint , delmont and luther .
people always say that hard work never killed anybody . oh yeah ? when ' s the last time ya ever heard of anyone who " rested to death ? "
two detectives were investigating a scene , the victims had their hands and head cut off . " it ' s going to be a nightmare identifying the bodies , with no finger prints or faces " said one . the other replied , " i thought it would be rather easy , how many people do you know walking around with no head or hands ? "
carton of eggs ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ $ 3 ski mask ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ $ 14 tickets to a brittany concert ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ $ 84 egging the crap out of america ' s pop princess ? ? priceless
the company i work for sometimes puts on what they call " lunch and learn " seminars during the employees ' lunchtime , dealing with a variety of physical and mental health issues . if the seminar lasts beyond the normal lunch hour , we ' re supposed to get managerial approval to attend . so , last week , this flier came around : lunch and learn seminar : who ' s controlling your life ? ( get your manager ' s permission before attending )
grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change , the courage to change the things i cannot accept , and the wisdom to hide the bodies of those people i had to kill today because they pissed me off . also , help me to be careful of the toes i step on today , as they may be connected to the ass that i may have to kiss tomorrow .
when a women found out that she was pregnant , she lit up the phone lines telling everyone the good news . one day , she took her 4 year old son , sam , out shopping . a woman asked the boy if he was excited about the baby . " yes , " he said . " i know what we ' re going to name it . if it is a girl , we ' re calling her molly and if it is a boy , we ' re going to call it quits . "
happiness doesn ' t bring money . i want to be what i was when i wanted to be what i ' m now . the government has at least one problem for every solution . only the conservatives can make the country like it used to be - a huge swamp full of dinosaurs . democracy is having freedom of speech , freedom of thought , and the thoughtfulness to use neither one . if you don ' t go to other people ' s funerals , they won ' t come to yours .
what do you call a group of jew baritones and sopranos singing ? soap opera .
as the broadway showgirls were dressing for a performance , one of them noticed her friend was no longer sporting a flashy engagement ring . " what happened , lily ? " she asked , pointing to the bare finger . " the wedding off ? " " yeah , " lily admitted . " i saw him in a bathing suit last week , and he looked so different without his wallet . "
back in the days of old , before condoms were invented , knights wrapped socks around their cocks , and babies were prevented .
a defendant was asked if he wanted a bench trial or a jury trial . " jury trial , " the defendant replied . " do you understand the difference ? " asked the judge . " sure , " replied the defendant , " that ' s where twelve ignorant people decide my fate instead of one . "
judge : is there any reason you could not serve as a juror in this case ? juror : i don ' t want to be away from my job that long . judge : can ' t they do without you at work ? juror : yes , but i don ' t want them to know it .
you can fool some of the people all of the time and all of the people some of the time , but you can never fool a mom .
children are natural mimics , who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners .
" there is only one pretty child in the world and every parent has it . " - chinese proverb . a child ' s greatest period of growth is the month after you ' ve purchased new school clothes . the best inheritance parents can give their children is a few minutes of their time each day .
a married couple was celebrating their 60th wedding anniversary . at the party everybody wanted to know how they managed to stay married so long in this day and age . the husband responded , " when we were first married we came to an agreement - i would make all the major decisions and my wife would make all the minor decisions . and now , after 60 years of marriage , i can truthfully say that we have never needed to make a major decision . "
one way to take care of the world ' s population . the irs has reported the " disappearance " of more than 8 million american children during the late 1980s , " caused " by tax reform legislation . that number is the total of all children claimed as dependents of beneficiaries of child care tax credits before 1987 but who were never again claimed once the irs started requiring proof that such children existed .
little four - year - old jenny was looking at her new baby brother for the first time . he was fast asleep . after staring at her tiny , motionless baby brother for a few minutes , jenny looked up at her mother and asked plaintively , " didn ' t he come with batteries ? "
when a girl needs advice , why can ' t her brother help her ? because he can ' t be a brother and assist her too . ( and a sister too ! )
a precocious 4 - year - old was brought to the er with a severe cough , a nurse writes . she kept up a non - stop conversation while i was trying to assess her lung sounds . finally , i said , " shhh , i have to see if barney is in there . " the child looked at me and said , " i have jesus in my heart . barney is on my underwear . "
why shouldn ' t you take a pokemon in the shower with you ? answer : because it ' ll pikachu ! ( peek at you . . . )
charles dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini . the bartender asks , " olive or twist ? "
what ' s the difference between a bird and a fly ? well , a bird can fly . . .
a man applied for a job as an industrial spy . together with several other applicants , he was given a sealed envelope and told to take it to the fourth floor . as soon as the man was alone , he stepped into an empty hallway and opened the envelope . inside , a message read : " you ' re our kind of person . report to the fifth floor personnel office . "
i don ' t want any yes - men around me . i want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their jobs . sam goldwyn .
after receiving an invitation to an inventors ' ball : edison thought it would be an illuminating experience . watt reckoned it would be a good way to let off steam . stephenson thought the whole idea was loco . wilbur wright accepted , provided he and orville could get a flight . morse ' s reply : " i ' ll be there on the dot . can ' t stop now must dash . "
psychiatrist to his nurse : " just say we ' re very busy . don ' t keep saying ' it ' s a madhouse . ' "
what does the dentist of the year get ? . . a little plaque .
q . how many jewish mothers does it take to screw in a light bulb ? a . none . it ' s all right . i ' ll just sit here in the dark . don ' t worry about me . . .
how can a person living in minnesota be buried in milwaukee ?
i passed my ethics exam . naturally , i cheated .
pablo picasso surprised a burglar at work in his new chateau . the intruder got away , but picasso told the police he could do a rough sketch of what he looked like . on the basis of his drawing , the police arrested a mother superior , the minister of finance , a washing machine , and the eiffel tower .
" i ' ve just had the most awful time , " said a boy to his friends . " first i got angina pectoris , then arteriosclerosis . just as i was recovering , i got psoriasis . they gave me hypodermics , and to top it all , tonsillitis was followed by appendectomy . " " wow ! how did you pull through ? " sympathized his friends . " i don ' t know , " the boy replied . " toughest spelling test i ever had . "
an english professor complained to the pet shop proprietor , " the parrot i purchased uses improper language . " " i ' m surprised , " said the owner . " i ' ve not taught that bird to swear . " " oh , it isn ' t that , " explained the professor , " but yesterday i heard him split an infinitive . "
a tourist was being led through the swamps of florida . " is it true , " he asked , " that an alligator won ' t attack you if you carry a flashlight ? " " that depends , " replied the guide , " on how fast you carry the flashlight . "
an agriculture student said to a farmer : " your methods are too old - fashioned . i wouldn ' t be surprised if this tree gave you less than twenty pounds of apples . " " wouldn ' t surprise me , either , " said the farmer , " this is an orange tree . "
the person who spends all of today bragging about what he is going to accomplish tomorrow probably did the very same thing yesterday .
any time four new yorkers get into a cab together without arguing , a bank robbery has just taken place .
don ' t argue with an idiot . he may be doing the same thing .
do not try to guess your wife ' s size . just buy her anything marked " petite " and hold on to the receipt .
knowledge cannot enter the head via an open mouth .
astronomy is looking up .
rap is to music as etch - a - sketch is to fine art .
join the fight against brutality .
helen waite is our credit manager . if you want credit , go to helen waite .
why isn ' t there a tax on stuff i don ' t like ?
one day , two children are bickering on the playground . kid 1 : my mom says that kids who get whatever they want are spoiled and rotten and stuck - up . kid 2 : well , i ' m not spoiled . kid 1 : yeah , you are , you get everything you want . kid 2 : i don ' t get everything i want . kid 1 : yeah , you do . kid 2 : no , i don ' t , because i " want " you to shut - up !
as a shepherd you herd your sheep into your barn . as you walk away you hear two wolves in the barn . what do you do ? i would get the flock out of there !
the following is something actually said by my dad . i wanted to see what my dad would say if i said i might be gay , here was his reaction . you ' d better not be ! ! even if i have to buy you some pussy , you will not be gay ! ! ! ! ! !
why do they call it " pms " ? because " mad cow disease " was already taken . ( apologies to anyone who ' s offended - but it is funny , which is the only valid test of a joke ; if it ' s funny and someone is offended by it , considering why they ' re offended even though it ' s a joke can provide insight into their attitude toward the topic . ) " i learned the truth from lenny bruce " - paul simon .
marble is a valuable building material and should not be taken for granite .
as a computer , i find your faith in technology amusing .
disinformation is not as good as datinformation .
ascii stupid question , get a stupid ansi !
i learned french in six easy liasons .
when a man wants to believe something , it doesn ' t take much to convince him .
earlier today , i took a glimpse at the news . they were doing a report on a new recipe for twinkies . now they will taste healthier , but still have the same amount of calories , because of course , people can taste health .
" they ' re multipurpose . not only do they put the clips on , but they take them off . " - pratt & whitney spokesperson explaining why the company charged the air force nearly $ 1000 for an ordinary pair of pliers .
children today are tyrants . they contradict their parents , gobble their food , and tyrannize their teachers . - socrates ( 470 - 399 bc )
british columbia , canada : police officers on patrol about 1 : 00 am spotted 4 men breaking into a vehicle . they gave chase on foot , catching and arresting two of the men . the other two escaped . a couple of hours later , two men showed up at the main desk of the police station , asking when their buddies were going to be released . they were carrying ( and wearing ) items which had been stolen from the car .
the democratic national committee finally released thousands of pages of financial disclosure information . says vince vieceli , " unfortunately , they released them from a third - floor balcony in new york during the parade for the yankees . "
a 10pm curfew was imposed in belfast , and everybody had to be off the streets or risk being shot . however , one citizen was shot at 9 . 45pm . " why did you do that ? " the soldier was asked by his superior officer . " i know where he lives , " came the reply , " and he wouldn ' t have made it . "
( told you so )
" do you want me to give you a knuckle sandwich ? " " sure , but i want it cut into triangles and with the crust peeled off . "
seems paris hilton is having visits from a speech therapist - she ' s having trouble finishing a sentence !
grocery list ; ( noun ) a piece of paper you spend half an hour writing , and then forget to take with you to the store .
lipstick ; ( noun ) on your lips , coloring to enhance the beauty of your mouth . on his collar , coloring only a tramp would wear !
foreign film any movie shown in a texas theater that isn ' t a western .
battle where a whole lot of white men kill a few indians . massacre where a whole lot of indians kill a few white men .
man a remarkable animal whose head swells when you pat his back . woman creature who acts nice to you because she doesn ' t like you , or mean , because she does . people some make things happen , some watch things happen , and the majority has no idea what ' s happened . optimist girl who regards a bulge as a curve . pessimist man who looks for a pink slip before the money in his pay envelope .
magazine bunch of printed pages that tell you what ' s coming in the next issue .
if henry iv were cloned , would he be henry v , or henry iv jr . or , would he be henry iv part ii ? ( willy wagstaff , more usually known as william shakespeare )
another month ends : all targets met , all systems working , all customers satisfied , all staff eager and enthusiastic , all pigs fed and ready to fly .
if i travelled to the end of the rainbow , as dame fortune did intend , murphy would be there to tell me , the pot ' s at the other end .
an elephant is talking to a hippopotamus , and the elephant says , " you know , there ' s nothing worse than a cold in the nose . " the hippo says , " oh yeah ? did you never have chapped lips ? "
" cleanliness is next to godliness " why do they say that ? i looked it up in the dictionary , " goggles " is next to " godliness " ; cleanliness is next to claustrophobia .
what sits on a window sill , hums , and dies mysteriously 91 days after you bring it home ? - an air conditioner with a 90 day warranty .
why do melons get married in church ? - because they cantaloupe .
there are a lot of words you can use to describe men - strong , caring , loving . they ' d be wrong , but you could still use them .
newton ' s little - known seventh law - a bird in the hand is safer than one overhead .
murphy ' s law of cable tv if you have watched a tv series only once , and you watch it again , it will be a rerun of the same episode .
remember the golden rule he who has the gold makes the rules .
just when you get really good at something , you don ' t need to do it any more .
just when you find something you really like , they stop making it .
prudhomme ' s law of window washing it ' s on the other side .
president bush toured parts of missouri that were devastated by a recent tornado . there was one awkward moment , when the president looked at the tornado damage and said , " don ' t worry , we ' re going to get whoever did this . "
1 . aquariums + gratitude = fish thanks ! 2 . orange bear + a ghost = winnie the boo ! 3 . saint nick + a grizzly bear = santa claws ! 4 . skunk + kangaroo = stink - a - roo !
the sheriff of the small kansas town pulled over a porsche that was doing 75 miles per hour in a 35 mile an hour zone . the man behind the wheel , a chicago commodities trader , was steaming . when he was finally brought before the local magistrate , he exploded , " i can ' t believe you stopped me . this town must be the asshole of the world ! " the magistrate replied , " and you ' ll be what ' s passing through ? "
people who want to inform you of their religious views almost never want to hear yours .
covina , calif : i recall reading something years ago about the pledge of allegiance . some child thought it began , " i led the pigeons to the flag . " cleveland , ohio : when i was little , i often wondered who richard stands was . you know - " i pledge allegiance to the flag and to the republic for richard stands . "
anybody can win . unless , of course , there happens to be a second entry .
let not the sands of time get in your lunch .
a person soon learns how little he knows when a child begins to ask questions .
a business man in chicago had occasion to write a japanese friend in tokyo . mindful of the oriental ' s appreciation of flowery language and of his own duty to the cause of good public relations , he ended his letter with the wish , " may heaven preserve you always . " to the delight of the business man ' s office staff , the japanese responded with , " may heaven pickle you , too . "
the one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it .
all things are possible - except skiing through a revolving door .
how can you tell if a redneck is married ? there are tobacco stains on both sides of his pickup .
a 6 ' 4 " man hit a midget in the rear while at a red light . the midget gets out of his car and comes up to the man and says , " i ' m not happy ! " and the man replied , " which one are you , then ? "
yo momma so heavy that she sank the titanic . yo momma so stupid that she came up to george bush and called him gay and hitler # 2 . yo momma so old that she saw abraham lincoln die . yo momma so slow that she was mistaken for a rock . yo momma so stupid that she thinks she ' s a man ! yo momma so weak that when she walks into a bar they have to feed her like a baby !
a busdriver was driving 50 kids to camp . they were passing a big deep lake that was beautiful and cyan . one kid asked the nice busdriver , " can we go in that lake ? " the busdriver replies " sure . can you swim ? " the kids say , " yes but only in very , very shallow water . " the busdriver never saw this lake before , he thought it was shallow . people nearby were stunned to see a bus full of kids turn and drive right into the lake .
my friend works in a post office . one day , a man handed ten postcards to my friend and ask her to put them in the mailbox . she noticed that they had all been addressed but none of them contained a message , so she asked the man why the postcards nothing written on them . the man said , " i told everyone that i ' d send postcards , but i didn ' t say i ' d write a message . "
a bachelor asked his friend to find him the perfect mate : " i want a companion who is small and cute , loves water sports and enjoys group activities . " without thinking , his friend replied : " marry a penguin . "
the laziest man i ever met put popcorn in his pancakes so they would turn over by themselves . - w . c . fields .
my grandson is four and can recite the whole gettysburg address . abraham lincoln couldn ' t do it until he was fifty - four . - sam levenson .
quick - cheap - good pick 2 . - dennis robertus .
america is a land of untold wealth . - internal revenue service .
one day , a customer walked into a pet shop and told the clerk , " i need two small , gray mice and about five dozen roaches . " puzzled , the shop attendant asked the reason for this strange request . " well , i ' m moving out of my apartment and my lease told me that i must leave the premises in exactly the same condition i found them . "
john always bullied pat , so pat invited him to the meat factory . the next day , on the menu at mcdonalds , there was a new thing called : bully big mac , and john french fries .
one day little susie got her " monthly bleeding " for the first time in her life . having failed to understand what was going on and being really frightened , she decided to share her trouble with little johnny . having found johnny she told and showed him what her problem was . johnny ' s face grew serious and he said , " you know , i ' m not a doctor , but it looks like someone just ripped your balls off ! "
three gay guys where swiming in a pool , some white stuff floats to the top , and one of the gay guys screams , " alright , who farted ! "
what is a mexican ' s favorite sport ! ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - cross country
yo momma is so poor , she hangs the toilet paper out to dry !
what do you call a woman with no asshole ? divorced .
( a continuation of joke # 7939 idiot # 9 - - - - - - a woman called the cops from her house and said , " my ex - boyfriend stole my pot ! " so the police went to the ex - boyfriends house , took the marijuana , and arrested him . the same officer went to the woman ' s house and asked her to identify if it was her pot . she confirmed it was hers , and was taken away in the police car .
it is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt . - abraham lincoln .
opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work . - thomas alva edison .
a lot of people ask me if i were shipwrecked , and could only have one book , what would it be ? i always say , " how to build a boat " . - steven wright .
" do you like the new car alice and i just bought ? " tom asked onerously .
why shouldn ' t you tell a secret around a clock ? because time will tell .
want to hear a really big joke ? joke !
want to hear a backwards joke ? ekoj
what starts with ' p ' and ends in ' orn ' : popcorn
what do you get when you cross a rooster and an owl ? a cock that stays up all night !
the next time you are having a bad day , imagine this : you are a siamese twin . your brother , attached at your shoulder is gay . you are not . he has a date coming over tonight . you only have one ass .
sperm 1 : are we ever going to reach the egg ? sperm 2 : stop moaning , we ' ve only just passed the tonsils .
what ' s the differance between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer ? the taste . . .
did you hear about the eyeglasses maker who moved his shop to an island off alaska and is now known as an optical aleutian ?
what ' s the difference between a good lawyer and a great lawyer ? a good lawyer knows the law ; a great lawyer knows the judge .
four gay guys walk into a gay bar and they find a problem . there ' s only one stool left . one guy says " lets flip for it " but another says " no , lets flip it over "
knock , knock who ' s there ? cows go . cows go who ? no , silly ! cows go moo !
a welsh girl called gwyneth visited japan recently . there , people had problems pronouncing her name so she became gwyniss . everywhere she went , she was greeted with tremendous respect . at a farewell reception , her host said , " we ' ve been so excited to have a famous author in our midst . " " what am i supposed to have written ? " she asked , baffled . " why , the gwyniss book of records . "
in north england : ' mornin ' in west england : how ya doin ' in india : get up you lazy chit . don ' t you need to go to work ?
your phone ' s network is changing plan . the uglier you are the cheaper your calls . from now on all your calls will be free .
number of physicians in the us = 700 , 000 accidental deaths caused by physicians / year = 120 , 000 . accidental deaths / physician = 0 . 171 number of gun owners in us = 80 , 000 , 000 number of accidental gun deaths / year = 1500 accidental deaths / gun owner = . 0000188 conclusion - doctors are approximately 9000 times more dangerous than gun owners !
you might be a teacher if you have an overwhelming urge to nod and say , " now i understand why your kid is the way he / she is , " after meeting the parents .
how are a bowling ball and a sorority girl alike ? you can pick them up , stick your fingers in them , and throw them in the gutter and they ' ll always come back .
there ' s a fella in a fast - food outlet , and he ' s just received his order of 7 hot - dogs , 9 big macs and 6 large cokes . the counterhand says , " would you like a tray ? " the customer replies , " steady on , haven ' t i got enough to carry already ? "
q : why are cannibals such great improvs ? a : they keep feeding off each other .
q : how many lead guitarists does it take to screw in a light bulb ? a : one . the guitarist holds the bulb and the world revolves around him !
q : why do blondes smile when lightning strikes ? a : they think they ' re getting their photo taken .
two children ordered their mother to stay in bed one mother ' s day morning . as the smell of bacon floated up from the kitchen , she lay in eager anticipation the lovely breakfast her helpful , caring children were making for her . however , after a good long wait , she finally went downstairs to investigate . she found them both sitting at the table eating bacon and eggs . " as a surprise for mother ' s day , " one explained , " we decided to cook our own breakfast . "
police begin campaign to run down jaywalkers survivor of siamese twins joins parents ban on soliciting dead in trotwood some pieces of rock hudson sold at auction new vaccine may contain rabies two soviet ships collide , one dies teacher strikes idle kids soviet virgin lands short of goal again iraqi head seeks arms farmer bill dies in house bank drive - in window blocked by board
if you are in darkness , then pray to god . if you are still in darkness , then go and pay your electricity bill . . . . . .
you might be a redneck if . . . you have been married three times and you still have the same in - laws , you think taco bell is a mexican phone company , your house still has the " wide load " sign on the back , you think possum is " the other white meat " , you hooked up with your present girlfriend as a result of a message on the wall of the mens ' room at the flying j truck stop .
little johnny was eating breakfast one morning . he got to thinking about things , and asked , " mommy , why does daddy have so little hair on his head ? " " he thinks a lot , dear , " replied his mother , pleased with herself for coming up with a such good answer to her husband ' s baldness . " then why do you have so much hair ? " asked little johnny .
get to the ledge of the plane . then , you will do the following : 1 . squat 2 . pray 3 . leap 4 . ahhhh ! ( it ' s what you scream on the way down , isn ' t it ? ) 5 . touchdown yes sir , thats s . . . p . . . l . . . a . . . t in other words , splat !
just when you are finally happy with your life and eveything going on in your life . . . . you get married and ruin it !
hey , pal ! buddy , friend , mate , amigo ! i ' ve just heard that i won first prize in a competition ! it ' s a ten - day holiday for me and five others to disney world ! so i was wondering , if you ' re not doing anything next wednesday , if you could put my garbage can out for collection !
intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair . copper is a brown - red color , correct ? this is scientific evidence to back up blonde jokes !
hopeless romantic . seeking : filthy whore
i saw this sign in a bar a few years ago . a camel can go eight days without a drink - but who the hell wants to be a camel .
fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me fool me thrice you are not nice fool me four times and i am gonna cap your sorry ass .
what is black and red ? an ape going down a hill !
you never know someone until you walk a mile in their shoes . but if you walked a mile in their shoes wouldn ' t their feet get cold ?
a student was asked to list the 10 commandments in any order . his answer ? " 3 , 6 , 1 , 8 , 4 , 5 , 9 , 2 , 10 , 7 " .
q . how do you say " give me liberty or give me death ! " in french ? a . i give up .
q . how many frenchmen does it take to defend paris ? a . nobody knows . it ' s never been tried .
q . what do you call 100 , 000 frenchmen with their hands up ? a . the french army .
q . why was the chunnel built under the english channel ? a . so the french government could to flee to london .
q : did you hear about the new french tanks ? a : they have 5 gears . . . 4 in reverse , and one forward gear just in case they ' re attacked from behind !
q : why don ' t they have fireworks at euro disney ? a : because every time they shoot them off , the french try to surrender .
q : why do they have trees in paris ? a : so the germans can march in the shade instead of the sun .
q : why is good to be french ? a : you can surrender at the beginning of the war , and us will win it for you .
q : what is the first thing you are taught when joining the french army ? a : to say " i surrender " in german
why was jesus not born in france ? because they couldn ' t find three wise men or a virgin .
did you hear about france ' s new weapons contracts ? they gave one to ace hardware to produce 250 , 000 wood sticks . . . they are still looking for a company to produce 250 , 000 little white flags .
q : where are the brave french soldiers buried ? a : there aren ' t any so they had to bury some of ours on their soil .
we ' re here on the airport , where a group of people have just arrived after being stranded on an island for more than a year .
two babies were born in the same hospital on the same day and ended up in adjacent basinettes in the nursery . eighty - five years later , by coincidence , each of them is admitted to the same hospital with a " terminal " diagnosis , and they end up in the same two - bed semi - private room . and one of them rolls over and says to the other " so , what did you think ? " thanks to steven wright
twenty something - the cost of a sitter for saturday night . fancy restaurant - one that serves cold soup on purpose . college - the four - year period when parents are permitted access to their home telephone . hors d ' oeuvres - a sandwich cut into 20 pieces . kissing - a means of getting two people so close together that they can ' t see anything wrong with each other . emergency numbers - police station , fire department and fast food places that deliver .
you ' re so ugly . . . that when your mom dropped you off on the curb for school , she got fined for littering .
there was a blonde that was chopping at a tree near the neighbor ' s house . suddenly it fell over and hit the neighbor ' s house . the neighbor came out and said , " you just crashed a tree on our house ! " the blonde replied , " well , since it ' s an hour house , it ' ll be gone in 60 minutes . "
my friend said , " can i hang out with you ? " i replied in a choking voice , " i have a spare noose in the closet . "
once a bird pooped on me , so i threw it back .
" michael vick shouldn ' t go to jail for dog fighting . " " why ? it ' s a crime . " " well , it ' s one thing to fight your friends or someone at a bar , but it ' s your dog . you should be able to fight him if he gets in your face . " " what ? "
" i started a new band called the chimes " " what kind of band ? " " acapella ska " " what do you play ? " " drums "
if you were attacked by giant mutants , what would you do ? most people would run . some would hide , and the video recorders would record it and put it on television . last week , humans won a war against giant vicious demons called , " razzoopis " . razzoopis are godzilla - sized monsters that have rock hard bodies , and breath fire . no one knows why it came , or how it was defeated , but the other humans had a feeling that the humans gave back its baby .
why did the chicken cross the road ? because kentucky fried was on the side he was leaving from .
what do you get when two blonds fight ? a stupid fight .
how did the parasite cross the road ? it hopped on the chicken !
what ' s better than roses on your piano ? ? tulips on your organ ! ( two - lips )
post rejected braingle brain teasers here .
i once heard a cretin tell his friend that all cretins are liars ! did he lie though ?
a lawyer goes in to the cell where his client is being held . " okay , i ' ve some bad news , and some good news . " " right , what ' s the bad news ? " " it ' s definitely your blood at the scene of the crime . " " so what ' s the good news ? " " your cholesterol is way down ! "
a boy was working on circumferences for homework when his mother came in and said , " do you want some pie ? " the boy replied , " sure . " so the mother was saying " 3 . 141592 . . . " over and over and then said , " want some ratio ? "
a grandfather bought a hobby - horse by mail order as a christmas present for his granddaughter . the toy arrived in 189 pieces . the instructions said that it could be put together in an hour ; however , it took the old man two days to assemble the toy . finally , when it was all put together , he wrote a check , cut it into 189 pieces and mailed it to the company .
teacher : jimmy , use the word " handsome " in a sentence . jimmy : handsome gum over will ya ? teacher : no , no , that ' s not right . you have one more chance . use the word " gladiator " in a sentence . jimmy : a monster ate my sister and i ' m gladiator .
i hate you you hate me barney gave * * * * * ( 1 ) h . i . v so we kicked them in the balls and shot her in the head now that * * * * * ( 2 ) bitch is dead anii stars * * * * * men add someones nae or add an adjective to fit i . e - * * * * * ( 1 ) fred * * * * * ( 2 ) ugly
the teacher stood at the front of the room . " does anybody know what this monday is ? " about half of the students raised their hands . the teacher pointed to one of them . " it ' s columbus day ! " he crowed . the teacher smiled . " it is . does anybody know why we celebrate it ? " this time , only one student raised her hand . " it ' s the day the indians discovered columbus ! " how very true indeed .
you ' ve heard about the new hair salon which opened up right across the street from the old established hair cutters ' place , haven ' t you ? they put up a big old sign , " we give seven dollar hair cuts ! " not to be outdone , the old shop put out their own sign : " we fix seven dollar hair cuts "
i believe in making the world safe for our children . but not our children ' s children , because i don ' t think children should be having sex .
q : why do hondas and hyundais have standard rear - window defoggers ? a : so your hands don ' t get cold when you ' re pushing them . q : what is the difference between a porsche and a porcupine ? a : with a porsche , the pricks are on the inside .
q : what do you call people who use condoms ? a : parents .
fuck hubluza !
a wocka user has average joke comedy 2 . 5 , but he doesn ' t get the smiley . why can it happen ? because his average joke comedy is between 2 . 495 and 2 . 5 , which is rounded up to 2 . 5 .
a newspaper columnist was found guilty and fined for calling a countess a cow . when the trial ended and the man paid his fine , he asked the judge , since it was now clear he couldn ' t call a countess a cow , could he call a cow a countess ? the judge said it was all right to do so . whereupon the newspaperman turned to the countess in the courtroom , bowed elaborately , and said , " how do you do , countess ? "
" yo momma is so fat that when she entered the elevator and pressed the ' up ' button , the elevator went down ! " " oh yeah ? yo momma is so fat that she can ' t even fit in the elevator ! ! "
a couple of weeks after hearing a sermon on psalms 51 : 2 - 4 ( knowing my own hidden secrets ) and psalm 52 : 3 - 4 ( lies and deceit ) , a man wrote the following letter to the irs : " i have been unable to sleep , knowing that i have cheated on my income tax . i understated my taxable income , and have enclosed a check for $ 150 . if i still can ' t sleep , i will send the rest . "
knock - knock who ' s there ? giraffe giraffe who ? giraffaggot !
a little girl was sat in science , when she wet herself . she goes to her teacher and says " i ' ve wet myself " . the teacher asks " why didn ' t you put your hand up ? " she replies " i did , but it just ran down my hand ! "
yo momma is so smelly that when she entered a pig sty , all the pigs had to evacuate . . .
you might be a redneck if . . . the idea for the budweiser frogs came from listening to you and your friends trying to read the label on the bottle .
you might be a redneck if . . . you can remember every nascar driver and their car number but can ' t remember how old your children are .
you might be a redneck if . . . you are having marital problems because your wife never lets you win at arm wrestling .
my friend doug pointed up at a bird circling overhead and said , " look , it ' s an eagle ! " " that doesn ' t look like an eagle , " i said . " well of course not , " he shot back amazingly quickly . " it ' s travelling incognito . haven ' t you ever heard that " eagles are masters of de skys ? "
. . . you have every episode of hee - haw on tape .
. . . you carried a fishing pole into sea world .
. . . a seven course meal is a bucket of kfc and a sixpack .
you might be a redneck if . . . you think that john deere green , ford blue , and primer gray are the three primary colors .
. . . you have an above - ground pool and you fish in it .
. . . you ' ve ever had to have a wrecker pull your car out of a pothole in your driveway .
. . . you think the mountain men in deliverance were just " misunderstood " .
. . . your screen door has no screen .
. . . you cut the grass and find a car .
. . . if you refer to the fifth grade as , " your senior year " .
you might be a redneck if . . . you have ever had to get up quickly in the morning in order to let the goat out before she dropped raisins on the kitchen floor .
you might be a redneck if . . . you think mud rasslin ' should be an olympic sport .
you might be a redneck if . . . your gene pool doesn ' t have a " deep end . "
you might be a redneck if . . . you think the gettysburg address is where lincoln lived .
you might be a redneck if . . . the lake has to be restocked after you take a bath .
you might be a redneck if . . . you ' re 42 and still have clowns come to your birthday party .
you might be a redneck if . . . you can talk for more than 20 minutes on the difference between squirrel and rabbit stew .
my grandfather invented the rear - view mirror . made millions - hasn ' t looked back since !
if you can touch it and you can see it , it ' s real . if you can touch it but you can ' t see it , it ' s transparent . if you can ' t touch it but you can see it , it ' s virtual . if you can ' t touch it and you can ' t see it , it ' s gone .
" hey , you ! pull over ! " shouted the traffic cop . the lady complied , and the judge next day fined her twenty - five dollars for speeding . she went home in great anxiety lest her husband , who always examined her checkbook , should learn of the incident . then inspiration struck and she marked the check stub , " one pullover , $ 25 . "
some useless inventions : 1 ) a waterproof teabag 2 ) a swimsuit store in the north pole 3 ) sugar free , fat free , taste free chocolate 4 ) a parachute that opens on impact 5 ) an ejector seat in a helicopter
yo momma is like the internet ; she ' s worldwide .
little johnny ' s 2nd grade teacher was quizzing them on the alphabet . " johnny , " she says , " what comes after ' o ' ? " johnny says , " yeah ! "
the relatives of the family ' s rich dowager gathered for the reading of her will after her long - awaited death . " being of sound mind , " read the lawyer , " i spent every last cent before i died . "
news just in - the drummer tripped over the cymbals , and hit his head . the hospital spokesperson said , " he ' ll be all right in a couple of days ; he ' s just suffering from percussion . "
one night a couple was in their room and the woman had just performed amazing oral on her man . he asked her where she had learned how to do it like that . she than said to him , " it took some practice but your dad finally taught me how to do it right . "
person a : why did the chicken cross the road ? person b : is this a trick question ?
1 . why are little children sweet - tooths ? they keep crying when they can ' t have candy . 2 . why are little children kindergarteners ? um . . . they ' re still learning basic skills , are they not ? 3 . why are little children such blanket - connected people ? they have read too many peanut strips and can ' t resist but be linus . 4 . why are little children people who like to joke around ? they hear their dad ' s joke with them too often .
sign outside a watch - maker ' s shop ; watch batteries fitted .
sign outside a chinese restaurant : try our curries , you ' ll never get better .
a blonde is taking an interview , and the examiner is asking some general questions . " what is the boiling temperature of water ? " " i am not sure . " " miss , either you know it or you don ' t know it . " " no , i am still not sure . " " the boiling temperature of water is 100 degrees ! " " ok , so it ' s the right angle that boils at 90 degrees ? "
i found this attached to a halloween scythe : be sure head is attached before use .
what ' s green and runs round the garden ? the hedge !
" i ' m very sorry sir , but i don ' t have my homework with me - i left my bag on the bus . " " well done ! a + "
dear son , good luck with your exams tomorrow . i always think that it ' s best to stay up partying all of the night before an exam . exam rooms are always a good place to catch up on sleep , because they ' re silent , and there ' s nothing to do in them anyway . love , dad
yo momma so fat you can slap her ass all day and not slap the same place twice ! .
don ' t cheat ! draw a pig . yes , that ' s right . on a blank piece of paper , draw a pig , then scroll down and read the interpretation of your pig ! draw your pig first ! and don ' t look at the next part until you are done ! it won ' t be fun if you look first . now if you ' re done . . . start to scroll down . . . . . you ' re cheating ! draw the damn pig !
i wouldn ' t have believed this unless i seen it with my own eyes . i was walking down a street in the city i live in and noticed a store was going out of business . in the window was a huge sign " going out of business sale " , directly below that sign was another sign that said " now hiring ! " talk about no job security !
who was the most complaining woman in the bible ? mary , because she got on joseph ' s ass and rode it all the way to bethlehem .
what do call a crying alien baby ? an unidentifyed crying object !
what part of music is the part you ' d better not try to sing ? refrain !
what is a musician with real high morals ? virtuoso .
who composed the unfinished symphony ? sherbet .
what was the principal singer of nineteenth century opera called ? pre - madonna !
fill in the blank : the person who spends all of today bragging about what he is going to accomplish tomorrow probably did the very same thing _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . yesterday .
can you decipher this phrase ? u p broken up !
can you decipher this phrase ? weather cast cast cast cast weather forecast !
what does this represent ? w a t e r waterfall !
can you decipher this phrase ? a r m s open arms !
les chã¨res lã©chã¨rent les chairs .
congratulations ! why ? because you are one of the very very very few who read the readme file ! but because the other , huge percentage do not , we moved the actual contents of this file into ignoreme file because the chances for most of the people to read ignoreme are at least the chances to read readme ( more than that , we believe they are really much higher ) . so now , go read ignoreme with the actual contents what you would have expected here .
why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak ?
why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars , but check when you say the paint is wet ?
why doesn ' t glue stick to the bottle ?
why do they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection ?
if people evolved from apes , why are there still apes ?
does a clean house indicate that there is a broken computer in it ?
is there ever a day that mattresses are not on sale ?
why do people keep running over a string a dozen times with their vacuum cleaner , then reach down , pick it up , examine it , then put it down to give the vacuum one more chance ?
why is it that whenever you attempt to catch something that ' s falling off the table you always manage to knock something else over ?
in winter , why do we try to keep the house as warm as it was in summer when we complained about the heat ?
why do you never hear father - in - law jokes ?
if at first you don ' t succeed , shouldn ' t you try doing it like your wife / girlfriend told you to do it ?
and my favorite . . . . . . the statistics on sanity are that one out of every four persons is suffering from some sort of mental illness . think of your three best friends , if they ' re okay , then it ' s you .
" hey sean , i ' ve got a job lined up for you , can you turn up tomorrow , about tenish ? " " tennish ? i don ' t even have a racket "
a young alabama man goes to a drug store and says to the pharmacist : " i got a hot date tonight , an ' i need me some pertection . how much is a pack a ' them thar rubbers gonna cost me ? " the pharmacist responds : " a three - pack of condoms is $ 4 . 99 with tax . " " tacks ! " the shocked redneck says . " gawd a ' mighty , don ' t they stay on by themselves ?
this is a very long line that goes on and on and just when you think it is over it starts again going on and on but you know it cannot keep on forever until it starts repeating itself about being a very long line that goes on and on and just when you think it is over it starts repeating itself about not keeping going on and on forever but you know it was a very long line .
the running water in singapore can be drunk directly . so when i get thirsty , i go to the toilet and drink . but how to make a bowl of instant noodle ? a girl thinks : " since the running water can be drunk directly , the water from electric bathing machine also can ! " so she use the water from bathing machine to make instant noodle .
what ' s the difference between man and life ? life is always hard .
waiter , this lobster has only one claw . i ' m sorry , sir . it must have been in a fight . well , bring me the winner then .
waiter , this plate is wet . that ' s your soup , sir .
look here , waiter ! how long must i wait for that half - duck i ordered ? until somebody orders the other half . we can ' t go out and kill half a duck .
customer : i see you have gravy on your menu today . waiter : yes , sir . what would you like to have ? customer : a clean menu !
mother : did you eat all the cookies . tom ? tom : i didn ' t touch one . mother : that ' s strange . there ' s only one left . tom : that ' s the one i didn ' t touch .
wife : one more word , and i will go back to my mother ! husband : taxi !
my 12 - year - old sister was filling out an application form for a foreign language course . suddenly she stopped , a small frown on her forehead . a moment later , she wrote something down . glancing over her shoulder , i saw that the question she had paused at was : " mother tongue . " on the blank space beside it she had written , " pink . "
what does this represent ? wrist wrist tourists ! ( two wrists )
can you decipher this phrase ? dog the the underdog !
can you decipher this phrase ? smoke g go up in smoke !
can you decipher this phrase ? h i l l downhill !
can you decipher this phrase ? tttttttttt tent .
can you decipher this phrase ? line = end of the line !
yo mama so short that you can see her feet on the driver license . yo mama so ugly that when she was born the doctor slap her parents . yo mama so dumb that she sat on the tv and watches her wheelchair .
pat and mick landed themselves a job at a saw mill . just before morning tea pat yelled : " mick ! i lost my finger ! " " have you now ? " says mick . " and how did you do it ? " " i just touched this big spinning thing here like this . . . damn ! there goes another one ! "
president clinton had heard of all the starving people in somalia , and wanted to get a look for himself . he ordered his aides to prepare air force one . on the plane , the president looked down with his binoculars , and said " my god ! look at them ! skinny , starving - where are our troops ? " an aide chimed in : " er , mr . president . . . that ' s not somalia . it ' s arkansas . "
yo mama so hairy and fat , that when she went to a museum they yelled " the mammoth ' s alive ! "
yo mama and daddy r so fat , half the world went to ur mom , the other to ur dad .
wat do u call a female dog ?
did u have a pussy around ur head ?
i would like to take this opportunity to announce that i am the proud father of an 8 pound 7 ounce baby boy . boy , is my wife gonna be mad when she finds out !
seen on a bumper sticker : " if clinton is the answer , then it must be a stupid question . " seen on another bumper sticker : " clinton happens . "
if a couple in arkansas get married , move to washington , then move back to arkansas , are they still brother and sister ?
bill and hillary are at a restaurant . the waiter tells them tonight ' s special is chicken almondine and fresh fish . " the chicken sounds good ; i ' ll have that , " hillary says . the waiter nods . " and the vegetable ? " he asks . " oh , he ' ll have a cheeseburger , " hillary replies .
one day , clinton called the white house interior decorator into the oval office . he was very furious and said , " chelsea is very upset because she thinks she has the ugliest room in the entire white house ; i want something done about it immediately ! " yes sir , mr . president , " the interior decorator replies . " i ' ll have those mirrors removed right away ! "
two kids are arguing over whose father is the biggest scaredy - cat . the first kid said , " my dad is so scared that , when lightning strikes , he hides underneath the bed . " " oh , yeah ? that ' s nothing , " said the second kid . " my dad is so scared that , when my mom has to work the night shift , he goes next door to sleep with mrs . jones ! "
a welshman , walking through a field , sees a man drinking water from a pool with his hands . he shouts , " paid a yfed y dwr mae ' r gwartheg yn cachi yn y dwr ! " ( don ' t drink the water , there ' s cow shit in it ! ) the man shouts back , " i ' m english , i don ' t understand you ! " the welshman calls back , " use both hands , you ' ll get more in ! "
racing through the snow a onewarde southern sleigh , all the way we go bahing through the trees , the snow is turning red , i think i ' m almost dead , all the children laugh and play around my stupid head !
a stockbroker is beginning his jail sentence for fraud , and meets his cell - mate for next seven years . he stares in shock at the weirdo next to him , when the psycopath says , " don ' t worry , i ' m in here for a white - collar crime as well . " the stockbroker is very relieved , and asks what crime the man had committed . the wild - haired , unkempt freak replies , " i killed a priest ! "
velcro - what a rip - off !
dogs crawl under fences . . . software crawls under windows95 .
scanning for viruses . . . windows95 found . . . please delete .
double your drive space . . . delete windows95 .
friends don ' t let friends use windows95 .
if at first you don ' t succeed . . . work for microsoft .
turn your pentium into a gameboy . . . type " win " at the prompt .
windows95 . . . the best $ 159 solitaire game you can buy .
activate your own virus . . . type " win " at the prompt .
the best way to accelerate windows is through one .
it seems that a lawyer had a little bit too much to drink and on his way home rear - ended the car in front of him . the lawyer got out of his car , walked over to the driver of the other car and said , " boy , are you in trouble ! i ' m a lawyer ! " the driver looked out his window and said , " no , you ' re in trouble . i ' m a judge . "
" this house , " said the real estate salesman , " has both its good points and its bad points . to show you i ' m honest , i ' m going to tell you about both . " the disadvantage is that there is a chemical plant one block south and a slaughterhouse a block north . " " what is the advantage ? " inquired the prospective buyer . " the advantage is that you can always tell which way the wind is blowing . "
the minister ' s car wouldn ' t start , so he called the garage . when the tow truck driver arrived , the minister says , " i hope you go easy on me . you know i ' m only a poor preacher . " " yep , " replied the tow truck driver , " i ' ve heard you preach . "
a priest wanted to go to the post office , so he asked a little boy the way . the boy took him to the post office . the priest said to the boy , " thank you . come to the church tomorrow and i will show you the way to heaven . " the boy turned and said , " but you don ' t even know the way to the post office . "
five year old becky answered the door when the census taker came by . she told the census taker that her daddy was a doctor and wasn ' t home , because he was performing an appendectomy . " my , " said the census taker , " that sure is a big word for such a little girl . do you know what it means ? " " sure ! fifteen hundred bucks , and that doesn ' t even include the anesthesiologist ! "
to impress his date , the young man took her to a very chic italian restaurant . after sipping some fine wine , he picked up the menu and studied it with an appraising eye . " we ' ll have the giuseppe spomdalucci , " he said finally . " sorry , sir , " said the waiter . " that ' s the owner . "
yo ' momma so fat that you gotta be clifford the big red dog to hit it doggystyle !
yo momma is rated ' e ' for everyone .
what is a pirate ' s favorite food ? taco bell ' s carrne asada .
what did the chicken say to the bully ? why don ' t you peck on someone your own size ?
according to the institute of incomplete research , 7 out of 10 people are
there once was a bus staion named ureliar ( you - really - are ) , a man went to the station and waited for his train , he waited and a man came up to him and said , " hey , my name is emabuthed ( i ' m - a - butt - head ) , what ' s the name of the station ? " " ureliar ? " replied the man .
when we are born , our mothers get the compliments and the flowers . when we get married , our brides get the presents and the publicity . when we die , our widows get the life insurance . what do women want to be liberated from ?
this guy couldn ' t decide whether to go to salt lake city or denver for vacation , so he called the airlines to get prices . " airfare to denver is $ 300 , " said a cheery salesperson . " and what about salt lake city ? " " we have a really great rate to salt lake - $ 99 . 00 , but there is a stopover . " " where ? " " denver . "
when you ' re right , no one remembers . when you ' re wrong , no one forgets .
the teenager lost a contact lens while playing basketball in his driveway , and after a fruitless search , he told his mother the lens was nowhere to be found . undaunted , she went outside and in a few minutes returned with the lens in her hand . " how did you manage to find it , mom ? " the teenager asked . " we weren ' t looking for the same thing , " she replied . " you were looking for a small piece of plastic ; i was looking for $ 150 . "
a little girl and a little boy were at day care . the girl approaches the boy and says , " hey tommy , wanna play house ? " he says , " sure ! what do you want me to do ? " the girl replies , " i want you to communicate your thoughts . " " communicate my thoughts ? " said a bewildered tommy . " i have no idea what you mean . " the little girl smirks and says , " perfect . you can be the husband . "
the christian missionary was making his first visit to a tribe in borneo . the missionary asked the chief , " do you people know anything about religion ? " after a pause , the chief answered , " we got a little taste of it when the last missionary was here . "
what ' s invisible and very frightened ? a ghost with the sheet scared out of him .
billy bob caught his friend bubba searching high and low all around his living room . billy bob said , " what are you searching for ? " bubba replies , " hidden cameras ! " " and what makes you think that there are hidden cameras here ? " says billy bob . bubba said , " that guy on tv knows exactly what i am doing . why , every few minutes he says , ' you are watching mtv ! ' how does he know that ? "
my mother has a " lead foot , " so i was not surprised when a state trooper pulled us over as we were speeding through georgia . hoping to get off with a warning , mom tried to appear shocked when the trooper walked up to the car . " i have never been stopped like this before , " she said to the officer . " what do they usually do , ma ' am ? " he asked , " shoot the tires out ? "
you are young and beautiful , have 2 university degrees , and are fluent in 3 languages . you have long blonde hair , long legs and a killer smile and you want to earn a salary no less than 100 000 $ per year . that ' s nice . but we need a plumber .
how many amoebas does it take to change a light bulb ? 1 . no , 2 , no , 4 , no , 8 , no , 16 , 32 , 64 , 128 . . .
how many movie stars does it take to change a light bulb ? only one , but he takes one step up the ladder and then his stunt double takes over !
blonde # 1 : i found some jokes about us blondes online . they ' re inaccurate ! they make us look - blonde # 2 : ugly ? blonde # 3 : fat ? blonde # 4 : lazy ? blonde # 5 : mean ? blonde # 1 : no , stupidly funny .
an elderly couple was having a conversation , and the wife asked her husband a simple question : - " boxers or briefs ? " her husband replied : - " depends . "
california version the latest telephone poll taken by the california governor ' s office asked whether people who live in california think illegal immigration is a serious problem : 29% of respondents answered : " yes , it is a serious problem . " 71% of respondents answered : " no es un problema serio . "
give a man a fish , he eats for a day . teach a man to fish , he eats for a lifetime . give a man a fire , he ' s warm for a day . set a man on fire , he ' s warm for the rest of his life .
i asked my girl - friend what she would like for her birthday , and she said she would like a green jumper . so i bought her a frog .
the judge read the charges , then asked : " are you the defendant in this case ? " " no , your honor , " replied tommy . " i ' ve got a lawyer to do the defending . i ' m the person who did it . "
there were some kids playing hopscotch and they were allowed to skip so when the winner was on 8 it went straight to 10
once a women was in her home and she heard someone go knock - knock . she said , who ' s their and the voice said tisha the women said tisha who the voice said tisha me my abcs and she was like is that a ghost . the voice said , i ' m your cousin and it was a knock - knock joke . oh the woman said
there once was a president who had a law that evryone had to laugh once a hour or they spent an hour in jail .
give me food and i will live . give me water and i will die . what or who am i ? ( scroll down ) a fire
policeman to woman he ' s just stopped for speeding - " as soon as i saw you coming round the corner , i said to myself , ' must be 55 at least ' . " " it ' s this dress , officer - it always make me look older ! "
what do you call an intelligent , good looking and sensitive man ? a rumour
" the attractive man i met last night insists he just wants to be friends , " the girl told her aunt . " now i know what to do with a lover , but what the heck do i do with a ' friend ' ? " the wise old lady smiled and said , " the same as with your lover , dearie , only not quite so often . "
two blondes are racing down a bumpy back road in a car down to a bank they ' re going to rob . " drive slower " pleads the blonde in the passenger seat , " i don ' t want all the nitro in the boot to explode . " " relax , " the driver replies , " even if it did , i ' ve got a spare box under the seat . . . "
" thank you for sending me a copy of your book ; i ' ll waste no time in reading it . " - moses hadas .
soccer coach : why didn ' t you stop the ball ? new goalie : i thought that was what the net was for !
brad : i have to take three courses in college ; french , spanish , and algebra chris : okay , let me hear you say hi in algebra .
larry : yo momma so old her birth certificate said expired ! jerry : you know , at least i have a mom !
brad : chad , how does sherlock holmes sneeze ? chad : a clue ! a clue !
teacher : justin if i had ten tennis balls in one hand , and twelve in another what would i have ? justin : huge hands sir
yo momma is so ugly she made a blind person cry ! !
the oldest yo momma joke in the book : yo momma so fat that she ' s fat .
teacher : jackie , please use the word " climate " in a sentence please . jackie : sure , i have a cherry tree in my backyard , but my parents won ' t let me " climate " teacher : that ' s correct ! teacher : now , luis use the word " arrest " in a sentence . luis : sure , after running a mile i need " arrest "
i ' ve got good news and bad news . the good news is that there is no bad news . the bad news is that there is no good news .
yo momma so fat when she peed in china , she made the yellow river !
because lexus created the park it your self car many mexicans lost their jobs .
a blonde girl comes into her dad ' s room and tells her dad . . . amanda : dad , i ' m glad you named me amanda . dad : why ? amanda : it ' s because that ' s what everyone calls me !
ryan : hey philip , what ' s that on your leg ? philip : a shoe ! ryan : gesundheit ! philip : no , you idiot , a shoe ! ryan : no need to thank me , gesundheit !
a dog goes up to a man with a pizza and starts whining for some . man to owner : can i throw him a bit ? owner smiles proudly : yes . the man picks up the dog and throws him on the ground .
larry : why did humpty dumpty have a great fall ? mary : because he had a bad summer .
mom : jimmy , did you pick up your room yet ? jimmy : no mom , it ' s too heavy .
a blond finished his english exam and came out . his friends asked him how did he do in his exam ; he replied , " exam was okay , but for the past tense of think , i thought , thought , thought . . . and at last i wrote thunk ! "
teacher : what is 5 plus 4 ? blonde : 9 teacher : what is 4 plus 5 ? blonde : are you trying to fool me , you ' ve just twisted the figure . the answer is 6 ! ! !
some wocka jokes have been picked by the system as the " joke of the day " . however , how can you know which day the joke was picked ? searching does not work , and it will be very tiring to browse page after page . look at its comments and see in which day it received lots of comments !
how many moves , at least , are required to stalemate in chess ? nineteen moves . 1 . h4 h5 2 . c4 a5 3 . qa4 ra6 4 . qxa5 rah6 5 . qxc7 f6 6 . qxd7 + kf7 7 . qxb7 qd3 8 . qxb8 qh7 9 . qxc8 kg6 10 . qe6
how many moves , at least , are required to checkmate in chess ? four moves . 1 . f4 e5 2 . g4 qh4 #
how many diagonals does an n - polygon have ? n ( n - 3 ) / 2 .
what is 60 divided by 1 / 3rd ? read carefully . if you think it ' s 180 , then you ' re wrong ! the answer is 20 . 3rd is 1 / 3 . 1 / 3rd is 1 / ( 1 / 3 ) , and therefore 3 . 60 divided by 3 is 20 .
20 = best score in lowball bowling .
162 = worst score in golf .
72 = best score in golf .
in the school the biology teacher asks the class a question . " where is an elephant ' s sex organ ? " little johnny , " in his feet ma ' am . " teacher , " how come ? " " if he steps on you , you ' re fucked . "
the government has recently issued a statement saying that 18 . 9 percent of all statistics are false .
aron : throw all of your fish in the air . jake : why ? aron : so i can tell my mom i honestly caught them .
cinfuscious says : it is nice to meet a woman in the park but is better to park meat in a woman .
patient : doctor , doctor , i know a person who is an owl . doctor : who ? patient : now i know two . doctor : " did you take the patient ' s temperature ? " nurse : " no . is it missing ? "
sean : i ' ve finally cleared my mind ! dean : does your new one work ?
what ' s round and hard and sticks so far out of a man ' s pajamas you can hang a hat on it ? his head !
at a wedding , the d . j . polled the guests to see who had been married the longest . the winners were then asked , " what advice do you have for the newlyweds ? " the wife quickly responded , " the three most important words in a marriage are ' you ' re probably right ' . " everyone then looked at the husband . he said , " yeah , she ' s probably right ! "
a machine operator comes home from the factory and tells his wife , " honey , i ' ve got some good news and some bad news . first , the good news , i got $ 25 , 000 severance pay ! " his wife said , " $ 25 , 000 in severance pay ? that ' s great ! so what ' s the bad news ? " he said , " wait till you hear what was severed ! "
how many ventriloquists does it take to change a light bulb ? two - one to change the light bulb , and one to holg ge gottong og ge lagger .
who is the greatest prostitute in history ? ms . pacman for 50 cents she ' ll swallow balls until she dies .
a professional photographer , at a friend ' s house for dinner , was asked to show his portfolio from a recent overseas trip . his friends were quite impressed . " what wonderful photos ! " said the host ' s wife . " you must have a very expensive camera . " the photographer just smiled and waited until after dinner , when he said , " thank you for the delicious meal . you must have very * expensive * pans ! "
knock knock . who ' s there ? poop !
a midget walks into a bar and trips over some sh * t left on the floor . luckily no one saw him , so to avoid embarrassment , he doesn ' t make a fuss about it . so he goes to bar and orders a drink . a few minutes later a big fella comes to the bar and trips over the same piece of sh * t . the midget smiles and says , " i just did that " . so the big fella comes over to the midget and knocks him out .
can you decipher this phrase ? r r a y y x - ray !
fill in the blank : the one who says it cannot be done should never _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the one who is doing it . interrupt .
can you decipher this phrase ? hot hot handle handle too hot to handle !
can you decipher this phrase ? e l g g u r t s uphill struggle !
can you decipher this phrase ? m l i k milk shake !
fill in the blanks such that the second blank is the reverse action of the first one : the famous musician mozart _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ symphonies when he was alive and _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ after he died . composed and decomposed .
please answer yes or no to this question . is your answer " no " ? hint : this is under trick , remember . answer : yes or no .
can you decipher this phrase ? b sai bonsai ! b ( on ) sai .
can you decipher this phrase ? knee light light neon lights !
little susie was looking through her mothers purse and found a tampon and said what is this ? her mother said a pen . so later on that day he mother went shopping and an elderly man said miss do you have a pen and so little susie said it ' s in mommy ' s bagina ! ! ! ! so the old mans teeth fell out and he dropped to huis knees and said do you want me to search ?
what is represented by this ? hear t broken heart !
what is represented by this ? t n o r f o t back to front !
what is represented by this ? wowolfol wolf in sheep ' s clothing ( wool ) !
what is represented by this ? r e n n u r runner up !
what is represented by this ? heart heart heart heart - to - heart !
what is represented by this ? steppetspets one step forward , two steps back !
what is represented by this ? egassam back massage !
what is represented by this ? do wn broken down !
what is represented by this ? way one way !
what letter comes next ? d , l , m , m , j , v , . . . s . the letters are the first letters of spanish days of the week , domingo , lunes , martes , miercoles , jueves , viernes , sabado .
my pal is addicted to brake fluid - but he says he can stop any time he wants .
started a great book the other day - i couldn ' t put it down . it ' s called " the history of glue " !
jenny : how did the turtle cross the freeway ? forrest : i don ' t know . jenny : take the ' r ' out of ' free ' . now , take the ' f ' out of ' way ' . forrest : there ' s no ' f ' in way !
any horizontal surface is soon piled up .
what does a dog do in your backyard that you don ' t want to step in ? dig a hole . if you step in the hole , you might twist your ankle !
" i ' m having trouble with this new hearing aid , " said the man to his audiologist . " really ? can you describe the symptoms ? " " sure . homer is fat and yellow , marge has blue hair . . . "
a blonde walks into an electronic store . a saleswoman goes up to him and introduces a washing machine . saleswoman : sir , this machine in gurantee to do half of all your laundry . blonde : that ' s nice , i ' ll take two .
did you hear about the thieves that broke into the united jewish appeal offices ? they got away with over a million dollars in pledges !
change the position of just one of the words below so that all the words are in an alphabetical sequence : llama phoenix hyena alligator beaver elephant tortoise antelope antelope . move it from the end to the beginning , the initial letters will then spell alphabet !
put the characters c - d - i - m - l - v - x in the right order - but not alphabetical . i - v - x - l - c - d - m . roman numerals .
my brother , julian , is a little simple . i recently asked him to buy me some ribbon for my daughter ' s pretty pink bonnet . he went to the haberdashery shop for the required length but accidentally interchanged the feet and inches . when i measured the resulting ribbon i only had 30% of the length i required . how much ribbon did i originally ask for ? i asked for 9 foot 2 inches ( 110 inches ) and my brother brought me 2 foot 9 inches ( 33 inches ) .
which word is the odd one out ? seventy brawl clover proper carrot swing change travel sacred stone carrot . each of the other words remains a real word if you remove the first and last letter .
can you complete this sentence using two words which are anagrams of each other ? whilst driving his car at a reckless speed , the driver was distracted by his dog _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . luckily , he managed to complete the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ manoeuvre without crashing . whilst driving his car at a reckless speed , the driver was distracted by his dog barking . luckily , he managed to complete the braking manoeuvre without crashing .
can you decipher this phrase ? p e t s step up !
can you decipher this phrase ? cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat catch 22 ! ( 22 cats ) .
can you decipher this phrase ? b o n e s broken bones !
can you decipher this phrase ? lookkool look both ways !
can you decipher this phrase ? pu back up !
10 = d in a m 10 decimeters in a meter .
10 = e on b 10 editors on braingle .
can you decipher this phrase ? r u n run down !
can you decipher this phrase ? w o r k seesaws overseas work !
can you decipher this phrase ? qqqqqq no excuse . there is no x listed , but there are some qs .
can you decipher this phrase ? cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat copy cat !
can you decipher this phrase ? scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme pyramid scheme !
can you decipher this phrase ? ed crowd over crowded : [ crowd over ed ] .
can you decipher this phrase ? e e y e e d d cross eyed !
1 c a and 4 h a in a m m 1 carbon atom and 4 hydrogen atoms in a methane molecule !
woman : i did something special today . man : what ? woman : i rode on a hippo . man : surely you musn ' t be kidding . woman : yes i ' m not kidding and don ' t call me shirley .
what is a chicken ' s favorite type of joke ? the human who crossed the road ! ! !
osama bin laden and one of his followers were riding on a camel when they stopped at a small town . bin laden gets off the camel and lifts up its tail and looks at the camel ' s butt . just then a guy comes over and says , " what are you doing ? " osama replies , " about 2 miles back i heard someone say , ' hey , look at the two assholes on that camel . "
once , there was 3 chinese people who wanted to go to america . their names were bu , chu , and fu . since these names would sound awfully weird , bu said , " i ' ll change my name to buck , adding ' ck ' to the end . " chu said , " then i ' ll become chuck . " after a long pause , fu said , " i guess i ' ll go back to china . "
this chinese man asks this guy what he does for a living . the guy says , ' i ' m a comedian . ' the chinese guy says ' no , u no camedien ! ' the guy says , ' yer , i am , honest . ' the chinese guy says , ' no , you ' re not , ploove it , change coror ! ' ( he says it like chameleon )
what ' s hitlers least favorite planet ? ' jewpiter '
how do you get 100 jews into a car ? throw a quarter in it . how do you get them out again ? tell them hilter is driving .
a man walks into a restaurant , and asks the waiter : man : waiter , how much is a cup of coffee ? waiter : 50 cents , sir . man : how much are refills ? waiter : they are free . man : that ' s nice , i ' ll have a refill , please .
how do you know you have a queer jew ? he likes money more than girls .
have you heard about the jewish sports car ? it stops on a dime , then picks it up
whats the object of jewish football ? to get the quarter back .
why did the jews walk around the desert for 40 years ? they heard that someone dropped a quarter
what happens when a jew with an erection walks into a wall ? he breaks his nose .
what ' s faster than a speeding bullet ? a jew with a coupon .
what ' s a black priest called ? holy shit !
father : " so you want to be my son - in - law , do you ? " boyfriend : " not particularly , but since i want to marry your daughter , i haven ' t much choice ! "
two executives were talking in the executive washroom . " my wife says i don ' t display enough passion . imagine the audacity ! i think i ' ll send her a memo ! "
always keep several " get well " cards on the mantle . that way , if unexpected guests arrive they will think you have been sick and unable to clean .
the discovery that bush ' s resting heart rate is 43 has led some observers to speculate that this is the first time we ' ve had a president with a heart rate that matches his iq .
asked by his teacher to compare three presidents johnny thought for a moment and said : " well , george washington couldn ' t tell a lie . richard nixon couldn ' t tell the truth . and george w . bush can ' t tell the difference . "
a man walks into starbucks . man : i want a cup of coffee . blond waitress : sure that will be $ 1 . 00 the man pays for the coffee , the blond then goes and measures a cup of coffee and brings it to the man , she dumps it all onto his table . man : i wanted a cup of coffee , not this ! ! blond : you wanted a " cup " of coffee , if you wanted a cup you could of asked for one .
two five year - olds , one jewish , the other catholic , are playing in a sandpit . sean says to david , " our priest knows more about things than your rabbi ! " to which david replies , " of course he does , you tell him everything . "
the best way to end a war is to surrender .
this is the worst joke ever . give it no smiley face .
this is the best joke ever ! give it a full smiley : ) : ) : ) : )
a businessman boarded a plane and sat next to hannah , an elegant woman wearing the largest and most stunning diamond ring he had ever seen . he asked her about it . " this is the egoheimer diamond , " hannah said . " it ' s beautiful , but there is a terrible curse that goes with it . " " what ' s the curse ? " the man asked . " mr egoheimer . "
a wig factory was broken into last night and a large quantity of wigs was stolen . police are combing the area .
pete and mick were in court and standing before the judge . " why can ' t this case be settled out of court ? " the judge asked . pete looked up at the judge and said , " that ' s what we were trying to do , your honour , when the police interfered . "
a masked man all of a sudden gave a beggar 1 million dollars . man : why did you give me so much money ? masked robber : i steal from the rich and give to the poor . man : i ' m rich ! masked robber : okay give me all your money .
a girl named zoey goes up to an artist and asks him to paint a picture of her face . " but miss zoey , if i paint a picture of your face then i can never be an artist again . " " why ? " she asked . " because if i look at your face too long , i will go blind . "
a man is bitten by a rabid dog he found wandering in his yard . frantically , he rushes his computer and begins typing something . his neighbor walks in , and mentions to him that he need not worry , there is a cure for rabies . he replies , " i know that ; i ' m finding where george bush is right now ! "
16 more white keys than black keys on a piano .
8 * 4 = worlds in super mario brothers .
beijing = capital of china .
8 = planets in solar system .
x - axis + y - axis + z - axis + time = 4 dimensions .
7 + 7 + 7 = jackpot !
3 . 6 = coulombs in a milliampere - hour .
a a a a k = biggest 4 of a kind .
natrium chloride = table salt . " natrium " , from which the symbol " na " derives , is the german word of " sodium " .
can you decipher this phrase ? b business business a c k getting back down to business !
can you decipher this phrase ? abcdefghijkmnopqrstuvwxyz 2 mistletoe ! ( miss l two . )
can you decipher this phrase ? ru [ color = red ] e [ / color ] are you ready : [ r u + red e ] .
can you decipher this phrase ? deinpth vestinigation in depth investigation !
can you decipher this phrase ? ballbballaballsballkballeballtball basket balls !
can you decipher this phrase ? t t t u i u l p l i t i p o p s e s tiptoe through the tulips !
can you decipher this phrase ? forward straightforward !
can you decipher this phrase ? onalle all in one !
can you decipher this phrase ? l l i h uphill !
girl : " when we get married , i want to share all your worries and troubles , and lighten your burden . " boy : " that ' s very kind of you , darling , but i don ' t have any worries or troubles . " girl : " yes , well , that ' s because we aren ' t married yet . "
i ' ve been out of work for a while , so when i found a job sorting salt and pepper , i was most pleased . the only drawback is that it ' s seasonal work .
you ' re reading it , you dope !
made you look !
homework . . . something you go to school hours for and not do .
can you decipher this phrase ? mtgg a hungry horse ! mt ( empty ) gg ( gee gee = horse ) .
can you decipher the following common phrase ? and ed underhanded !
mercury , venus , earth , mars , jupiter , saturn , uranus , neptune , pluto . pluto because it ' s no longer a planet .
what was the last thing that abraham lincoln did ? he died .
8 protons , 8 neutrons and 8 electrons in an oxygen atom !
can you decipher this phrase ? e d o w n d i s upside down !
can you decipher this phrase ? e n u t tune up !
the computer , the greatest invention in life even though it ' s bad for you .
louis was talking to his friend pete . " there ' s nothing i wouldn ' t do for my becky , " he said , " and there ' s nothing becky wouldn ' t do for me , and that ' s how we go through life - doing nothing for each other . "
once a blonde decided that she wanted a kid . when she had it she couldnt decide what to name it . she asked around but no one had the right name . some people wanted huga butte and some wanted gatta pee pee . she went with ma hore
this is a true story . i was texting my one friend , and we both get bored easy . this is part of our one convo . him : mew ! i ' m a kitty ! me : woof ! i ' m a puppy ! him : oink ! i ' m a cow ! me : quack ! i ' m a zebra ! him : bang ! i ' m a hoe ! me : man , u got me beat on tht 1 !
yo momma is stupid that she went hunting for whales in ohio !
yo momma ' s breath is so bad , that when she entered the basement all the rats passed out !
what starts with a p and ends with the letters orn ? popcorn ! what were you thinking ? what starts with a f and ends with the letters uck ? firetruck ! what were you thinking ? what starts with a b and ends with the letters itch ? bewitch ! what were you thinking ?
going home on the bus one evening a man was whiling away the time by doing a crossword . three more men got on the bus at the next stop , and as they passed , one said , " if it ' s any help to you , 7 up is lemonade . "
do this on a calculator ! so here ' s the story : a woman had 69 boobs which was too too too much . so she went to 51st street and the doctor took all the time he had and ate all the boobs and she became boobless ! 69 boobs 222 much 51st street 6922251 x time 6922251 x 8 ate 6922251 = 55378008 flip your calculator , and she became boobless !
knock - knock who ' s there it ' s me . this is not a joke . it ' s me . this is not a joke . who ? grrrrrrrrrr . . .
" judi , did you ever try marriage counseling ? " monika asked . " no , " judi snarled . " that stupid dickhead , shit - for - brains , moronic ex - husband of mind would have just told the counselor i was ' insensitive . ' "
try this on a friend : every time you say something , tell the other to say the same thing and add " bait " at the end . example : fish - - > fish bait fish ( fish bait ) dolphin ( dolphin bait ) seal ( seal bait ) i master ( i masturbate ! )
a man goes into a pet store , plants a bomb , and as he leaves , calls out , " you have one minute to get out ! " at that , a tortoise at the back of the shop shouts , " you bastard ! "
mary took her husband bernie to see a psychiatrist for a check up . after examining him , the doctor took mary to one side and said , " i have some very bad news for you . there is nothing i can do to help your husband . his mind has completely gone . " " i ' m not really surprised , " mary replied , " bernie ' s been giving me a piece of it every day for the last 50 years . "
as part of a class project , the teacher had every student create a model rocket . when she was teaching them about how the rockets lift into the air , some kids seemed to be confused . she scolded them yelling , " it ' s not that hard ! it ' s not rocket science ! "
did you hear about the gay guy that put a nicotine patch on his penis ? he ' s down to three butts a day !
yo momma is so old , she has toys made in america .
mike , a 3 - year - old , proudly walked into the kitchen of his house carrying a caterpillar . however , his mother was disgusted and wanted mike to take it outside . " mike , his mother is probably looking for him . why don ' t you take him outside ? " said the mother . three minutes later , mike was back . " look mommy ! " he said , showing his mother two caterpillars . " i got his mommy too ! "
5 = diagonals of a pentagon .
9 = diagonals of a hexagon .
4 = 2 + 2
9 = tails of a fox .
2 = special administrative regions in china . ( hong kong and macau )
dozen ^ 2 = gross .
100 = decimeters in a decameter .
101 = keys on a computer keyboard .
jack and jill went down the hill .
jack = 11 in cards .
hwayetrdetipzlhv omnltesoshsuzeae 32 . reading one letter from the top row and then one from the bottom row , the puzzle reads : ' how many letters does this puzzle have ' .
can you decipher this phrase ? kcab kcab back to back : [ i . e . two back ( s ) - written back ( wards ) ]
can you decipher this phrase ? ehca backache !
can you decipher this phrase ? box box box box box box box box box box box box shit box box box box box box box box box box box box shit in the box !
can you decipher this phrase ? step - > a step in the right direction !
a blonde couple were going on a vacation to the countryside visiting their relatives . as they soon reach their relatives ' home and go in , a blackout started . on and on the couple tried to find a source of light . finally one of the blonde asks , " hey , mary , can you find anything ? " mary replies , " nope , all i could find was this pair of flashlights . "
meteorologists - people who tell something wrong and still get paid .
period - the thing at the end of a sentence .
1st stage ( 0 - 8 ) - you believe in santa 2nd stage ( 9 - 26 ) - you don ' t believe in santa 3rd stage ( 27 - 45 ) - you are santa 4th stage ( 46 - 80 ) - you look like santa
a blonde explains to another blonde friend : " i failed the driving test . i entered the circle - way and the sign said " 30 " so i drove 30 times around . " and the other one says : " you probably counted wrong . "
can you complete this sentence using two words which are anagrams of each other ? whilst driving his car at a reckless speed , the driver was distracted by his dog _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . luckily , he managed to complete the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ manoeuvre without crashing . whilst driving his car at a reckless speed , the driver was distracted by his dog barking . luckily , he managed to complete the braking manoeuvre without crashing .
i have a machine which has four cog wheels in constant mesh . the largest cog has 72 teeth and the others have 36 , 25 and 15 respectively . how many revolutions must the largest cog make before each of the cogs is back in its starting position ? 25 revolutions .
remove seven letters from this grid to leave two numbers . s f e v e i n l v e t e t f e r o s u r simply remove ' seven letters ' and you are left with five and four : - f - - - i - - v - - e - f - - o - u r
what starts with an e , ends with an e and usually contains only one letter ? envelope !
which word is the odd one out : football polo badminton baseball golf tennis cricket billiards rugby badminton . this is the only sport which does not use a ball , it uses a shuttlecock .
can you decipher this phrase ? lase there are two possible answers . argon laser : the ' r ' has gone . or , jumble sale : the letters of sale are jumbled .
team has no " i " in it , but it does have a " m " and " e " in it , making " me " .
one day little billy went screaming to his mom , " mommy ! mommy ! theres a shrimp stuck between grandma ' s legs ! " his mother , intruiged by this , brought billy to grandma , who was sleeping on the bed with her legs apart . the mother looked and laughed and said , " why , that ' s not a shrimp ! that ' s her privates , a vagina ! " billy smiled and said , " really ? it sure tastes like shrimp . . . "
politically correct word for dead : living impaired
was there any doubt ?
" i wonder if my friend , kent as submitted a joke about me saying how brave i am . "
would you like some chocolate ice cream and lemonade ? yes ? ok ! * shits * chocolate ice cream and * pisses * lemonade ! that would be $ 5 . 00
there was a nearly - new television for sale the other day . it has a 42 - inch plasma screen , and i bought it for $ 50 . the only thing wrong was that there was no volume control - but at that price , i couldn ' t turn it down !
a tramp knocked on the door of a house . " what do you want ? " said the owner . " can you spare some money to help a poor person ? " said the beggar . as soon he was given a few coins and told to go on his way , the beggar complained , " your son gave me twice as much when i called here last week . " " well , my son can afford to , " said the owner , " he has a very rich father . "
elsie walked into a print lab to have a photo of her deceased husband copied and retouched . she said to the technician , " i have always hated the hat that my husband is wearing in the photo . could you please retouch the hat out ? " " of course , " said the technician ; " what colour hair did your husband have ? " " when you take the hat off , you ' ll see , " she said .
i want to kick the guy who invented the snooze button . . . then five minutes later , i ' ll kick him again . thanks andrew !
little brother : how long is a strong ? big sister : huh ? little brother : well , i ' ve heard of a week . . .
conserve water and electricity , shower with a steamy hot friend .
a blonde ' s boyfriend , planning to stop at the bakery says , " i ' m going to go pick up a blondie . i want a smoking hot fresh one . " the blonde replies , " well , then we ' re over . go ahead and get a new girlfriend . a nice blondie ! "
yo momma so fat , she cut herself and bled gravy !
yo momma ' s lips are so big , she made angelina jolie jealous !
philip is telling his friends about his recent divorce . " yes , it ' s true . sylvie divorced me for religious reasons . she worshipped money and i didn ' t have any . "
yo momma ' s breath smells so bad , her teeth duck when she yawns !
a recent immigrant had just completed a training course titled , ' improve your english ' and was taking an oral exam . the examiner asked him to spell ' cultivate . ' jacob spelled it correctly . the examiner then asked jacob to use the word ' cultivate ' in a sentence . jacob thought about it for a while , then replied , " last winter , on a very cold day , i was waiting for the bus but it was too cultivate so i walked home . "
yo momma ' s so ugly , you can press her face in some dough and make gorilla cookies !
yo momma so ugly she made an onion cry .
yo momma so ugly the plastic surgeon sued her .
yo momma so ugly she made a mime scream .
yo momma so ugly they renamed " halloween " " yo - momma - ween " .
you perverts . .
what color is red ? true or false ?
i went for a 5 mile run today . 2 laps around yo mum !
" tomorrow is a boiling hot day , at 10 degrees fahrenheit . the day after that is the same temperature , as well as the next and the next . won ' t these temperatures ever cool down ? "
" ciao amico , desidero comprare un mazzo di banane . " " il compagno spiacente , questo ã¨ un farmacista . "
tommy was dying . his wife was with him , standing next to his bed . as he was drawing his last few breaths , he gasped , " helen , i have one last request . " " of course , tommy , what is it ? " helen asked softly . " six months after i die , " he said , " i want you to marry louis . " " but i thought you hated louis , " said helen . with his final breath , tommy said , " i do . "
when my pap was younger , his family didn ' t have much money . one year for christmas , his mother cut a hole in the front of his underwear so he would have something to play with .
knock knock , who ' s there animal animal who ? animal i kin git lots of stuff iffn i have ta money
inside i could hear a lot of bass noise pumping . i went outside to see what it was and i found out it was a drummer practicing . i went inside and told my family that the player made a mistake and said dammit . my brother said " i wonder which band it was ? "
two people were at a bar resting when one said , " i wish i was god . " the other said , " are you mad ? " and the other says , " how could you say such a thing ? " and the reply is , " i don ' t want to have to lose all of buddha ' s fat ! "
i ' m a nobody and nobody is perfect - therefore , i am perfect .
knock knock who ' s there ? boo boo who ? i don ' t know , but stop your crying !
early one morning , the milkman was doing his rounds . he stopped at a house to ask for his monthly fee , only to find a small boy at the door slurping from a beer bottle , smoking a havana cigar , and with his arm around what appeared to be a call - girl . surprised , the milkman asked the boy if his parents were home . " does it fucking look like it ? "
an old couple is on a walk , when a pigeon flies by and relieves himself on the woman ' s head . " yech ! " says the woman . " get some toilet paper . " " what for ? " says the man . " he must be half - a - mile away by now . "
teacher : john , where are the great plains ? john : at the airport .
what do you call a dog in the sun ? a hot dog !
it was a blond ' s birthday , and to celebrate , he took his girlfriend out on a date ; he dressed very nicely , in a tuxedo , sharp tie , and some nice soft pants . he went to his girlfriend , and said , " do you have anything to say to me ? " his girlfriend also a blonde , says , " yeah , what up with the tie ? "
little willy , full of hell , threw his sister in the well . their mother said when drawing water , " it ' s so hard to raise a daughter . "
a child named bob was running through the neighbor ' s garden . " hey ! " shouted the neighbor , " i thought i told you not to let me catch you here again ! " " right ! " replied the boy , " and you haven ' t caught me yet ! "
jacky walked into his house from school crying ; his mom saw him and said , " what ' s wrong , jacky ? " jacky replied , " i lost a quarter at school ! " " there , there , " replied his mother , " here ' s another , " handing him a quarter . jacky cries even louder ; this time his mother , upset , says , " what ' s the matter now ? " jacky says , " i wish i said i lost a dollar ! "
a boy walks home an hour late to class , the teacher asks him , " why are you so late ? " the boy replies , " i stopped two boys from beating each other up . " the teacher says , " that ' s very nice ; how did you do that ? " the boy says , " i beat them both up ! "
a boss of a computer company walked up to one of his workers . " you ' re fired ! " exclaimed the boss . " i didn ' t do anything ! " replied the confused worker . the boss , happy with his answer , says , " i know . that ' s why you ' re fired ! "
a man walks into a modern art museum , he sees a piece of art , and says , " look how ugly that is , the nose is all out of shape , and look at those arms , so small and weak , i bet the person who created this is a wimp ! " a security guard nearby says , " sir , that ' s a mirror . "
every day , mr . koch has to cross the river by ferry in order to get to work . waking up late one morning , he dressed quickly , ran out the door and raced to the dock . the boat was several yards away , and stepping back and taking a mighty leap , mr . koch landed with a crash on the deck . " made it ! " he cried triumphantly . " so ? " said one of the passengers , " what was the rush ? the boat is coming in . "
mr . lwin was staring at the cage in the zoo , watching the great cat pace back and forth . " i wonder what the tiger would say if it could talk , " he said to the zookeeper . the zookeeper replied , " it would probably say , ' hey dummy , i ' m a cheetah ! "
the teacher said to the cooking class . " tell me : what is the most important thing to put in a chocolate cake ? " faith quickly replied , " your teeth ! " the teacher said , " no , the ingredients . " after correcting faith , the cooking teacher said , " who can tell me the best way to keep yogurt from spoiling ? " faith answered , " by eating it ! . "
" hey , " says jim , " this match won ' t light ! " " strange , " says ned , . " it worked okay this morning . "
yo momma so fat that when i wanted to take her picture i had to back up so far that i ended up in china .
two old pilot friends in the air force were talking about the day ' s activities : jenkins ( first pilot ) : did you hear ? captain smith jumped out of a b - 1 bomber , without a parachute , and he wasn ' t hurt ! randy ( second pilot ) : that ' s impossible ! the fall would have killed him ! jenkins ( shakes his head ) : the bomber hadn ' t taken off yet .
definition of alien - people from another country .
route 66 says to the country road : hey , man , you straight ? country road says : heck no , i ' m a byway !
i was reading an article yesterday that was talking about the university of michigan . they referred to it as mu . this got me to thinking . . . . what do they call the university of florida ?
what ' s a mexican called when he ' s covered in dirt ? a churro
a couple who is having problems in their marriage decide to go on a talk show . the wife complains that her husband does not listen to her and is ungrateful . she blames this on her husband ' s career . the host asks the man , " has being in politics had any affect on your sex life ? " bill clinton replies , " mine ' s great , how ' s yours honey ? "
q : what do you get when you cross an anteater and a monkey ? a : i haven ' t a goddamn clue .
if ham is canadian bacon , then what the heck do you canadians call bacon ?
one professor says your iq measures how much you know . a scientist says your iq measures how much information you are capable of learning . all i want to know is how long it will take me to get with your sister . i mean damn !
10 . horton hears a ho 9 . national pleasure 2 : book of secretions 8 . i am legend . . . in bed 7 . the suck it list 6 . i know who drilled me 5 . scat - atouille 4 . gush hour 3 3 . no country for old balls 2 . alvin in the chipmunks 1 . iron man
the teacher told one kid , " you ' re going to flunk this subject because you haven ' t finished your homework assignments . " the kid said , " good . i flunked all the other ones because i ' m stupid . "
yo momma so fat she turned her nike shox into " shocked nikes "
q . why do people wear shamrocks on st . patrick ' s day ? a . regular rocks are too heavy !
one day a blonde went to a store and saw donuts that were sugar free , so she grabbed them and walked out of the store without paying . security stopped her and asked , " excuse me miss , but what do you think you are doing ? " she said " duh . . . i ' m taking the free sugar donuts ! "
there was a blonde in wal - mart and she went up to a man . the blonde said , " hi ! do you know what idk means ? " the man said , " i don ' t know . " then the blonde said , " darn ! nobody knows ! "
there were three men at a bar . one of them ducked and the other two fell down because they hit the bar .
there was a coconut tree and 4 animals . 1 . a elephant 2 . a monkey 3 . a tiger 4 . a mouse which one of these animals is going to climb up the tree to get the banana ? none ! " there was a coconut tree " " . . . the tree to get the banana "
blah ! blah ! blah ! blah ! blah ! blah ! blah ! blah ! blah ! blah ! blah ! blah !
liners
i ' m so good that even yo momma cheers for me !
q : how many clowns does it take to screw in a light bulb ? a : paid clowns - 5 boys in school - 1000
" daddy , there ' s a man knocking on the door with a beard ! " " no wonder i didn ' t hear him ! "
they ' re fat
why do you go to a black person ' s yard sale ? to get your stuff back !
- i want to give you something . - that ' s what your mom said to me last night .
- what ' s your dad doing ? - your mom !
- what do you wanna do next ? - your mom !
- i told you to knock before you enter my room ! - your mom .
- what did you have for dinner last night ? - your mom .
- what did you have for dinner last night ? - your mom . - . . . and for dessert ? - your mom .
painter : " y ' are a dog . " apemantus : " thy mother ' s of my generation . what ' s she , if i be a dog ? "
demetrius : " villain , what hast thou done ? " aaron : " that which thou canst not undo . " chiron : " thou hast undone our mother . " aaron : " villain , i have done thy mother . "
see that x ? that ' s your mum that is .
q . how many feminists does it take to change a light bulb ? a . the same as the number of men , you sexist bastard !
how do you keep an idiot in suspense ? i ' ll tell you tomorrow !
a kerryman emigrated from ireland to england , thereby increasing the average iq of both countries .
why do mathematicians like national parks ? because of the natural logs .
what ' s purple and commutes ? an abelian grape .
there was a really dramatic woman and a small man . the small man worked at a ballroom . the woman got dressed up all fancy and went to the ballroom . she went up to the man and said , " i hope there is something between us ! and the little man said , " me too ! a continent ! "
gene pitney dies , and his widow is told that the coffin would take a week if it was made from oak - but only 24 hours from balsa !
i heard you tried to apply to work at a candy store . but they turned you down saying they already had enough air heads . were you fat when you were born ? cause i think it all went straight to your head . most people think outside the box . you still haven ' t figured out how to get in .
people from mensa are said to understand any jokes without the need of any explaination . meaning mensans will be able to understand this joke here , though it is limpid that there aren ' t any to be contemplated .
the three wise men went to visit jesus right after he was born . one wise man was extremely tall . he hit his head on the top of the door frame and said , ' ' jesus christ ! ' ' joseph looked at mary and said ' ' write that down - - that ' s way better than clyde ! ' '
a guy walks into a doctor ' s office . he has a sausage coming out of his ear , a waffle coming out of his nose , and bacon coming out of his other ear . he says worriedly , " doc , what ' s wrong with me ? " the doctor replies , " you ' re not eating properly . "
knock knock . who ' s there ? lettuce . lettuce who ? lettuce in , it ' s raining !
a man was walking through beverly hills selling door to door what he claimed to be the " magic elixir of life " . of course , the police arrested him and ran a computer check of him . they found the man had quite a long record of such dealings . he was first arrested for that type of crime in 1660 .
why did the chicken do a poo right in front of a hole on a really busy footpath ? because he wanted people to slip on the poo and fall in the hole .
what do you call a chicken in a shell suit ? an egg !
what do you call a chicken ? a chicken .
why can ' t you go to the bathroom at a beatles concert ? there ' s no john .
what does pms stand for ? potential murder suspect
knock - knock who ' s there ? alaska alaska who ? alaska one more time , open the door
warning : do not read this if you want to live anymore or eat or go potty ! a person named tommy had a wife named heather . whenever heather came home , she would bring something disguisting . when heather died in a war , tommy was sad . he said to himself , i must die in a toilet instead !
well both the girl and the emo bleed blood and both of them are annoying as hell in the process .
a vertical expression of a horizontal desire .
one day a man was sitting on a toilet with his solar power laptop , then his laptop fell in the toilet . he ran out of the bathroom screaming . the next person sat down to use the toilet . when he was done , he stood up looked at the toilet and screamed out of the bathroom . all the people in the bathroom ran out of the bathroom screaming .
both are attractive cost about $ 400 for 2 or 12 hours of fun . but right when you ' re satisfied you get addicted to them , and keep wasting money replacing em .
if winners never quit , and quitters never win . . . who was the fool who said , " quit while you ' re ahead " .
doctor , doctor . i think i need glasses . you sure do , sir . this is a flower shop .
ok umm uhh , ahhh ! oh well , i just forgot what i was gonna say . man i ' m stupid
a kid named ron lost his mom and dad . he went to the hospital to say , " i wanna baby ! waaaaaaaaaaa ! " the nurse said , " you ' re a male ! males don ' t have babies ! and you ' re too young ! " he died by biting his finger really hard .
. . . they only tell who ' s left .
yo momma so short , when she saw a set of stairs she said , " i never knew mount everest was here . " yo momma so short , she called a dolls house a set of flats !
yo momma so fat , that when she went on biggest loser , she she couldn ' t get kicked out when she destroyed the stage .
yo momma so fat that , on the airplane , she smothered the person next to her to death - who was on the aisle seat .
me : do you wanna hear a good joke ? amy : yes ! me : me too !
how many lightbulbs does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? 0 . no lightbulbs want to torture their own kind !
knock knock . who ' s there ? guess . guess who ? what , i don ' t know .
a woman ' s child said , " yo mama , i hate you because you made me a boy , not a girl ! " the woman said , " wait ! if you were a girl , someone would have to cut into you to get your baby ! " the child said " have you lost your mind ? ! i want the baby to know that she / he was from me ! "
your dad has something wrong with his brain . after his appointment , the doctor says , " you have a spider , a termite , a pig , a cloud , a piece of poo , a tongue , and a camera in your brain so you ' ll have to have no brain for years . " then the doctor took operation on his brain .
knock - knock who ' s there ? who ' s there . who ' s there who ? i ' m supposed to say who ' s there !
one day a cat was being trapped be a evil dog . the evil dog said " barkity kalis hed resaw miop gas . " the cat said " has that going to break the spppeeel ? " then the dog let the cat out . the next day , the cat trapped the dog . then it happens every day with thhe same words .
i ' m not catholic , but i gave up picking my belly button for lint . at my lemonade stand i used to give the first glass away free and charge five dollars for the second glass . the refill contained the antidote . i got some new underwear the other day . well , new to me .
knock - knock ! who ' s there ? harry . harry who ? harry up and answer the door !
if you are inventing something , the best way for it to work is to give it a job .
the similarity of all the people that live is that they are alive and they are living .
if jesus was born on the computer age , he would just use the internet to spread his word unlike his time , he needs to journey across the world .
maria went to the telephone booth to make her second insult call . she payed the telephone booth owner . then she dialed : abc - def - ghi . " hello ! may i take your order , please ? " the figaro delivery service said . " i want to order all the kinds of sushi you have , and please don ' t forget the chopsticks . " maria replied . " looks like we have another insult call . "
it is really insulting when someone from the greenwich restaurant see you eating a pizza from pizza hut .
i was walking down the road and saw a sign which read , " sidewalk ahead closed . please use other side of road " . oooh , it made me cross !
what ' s better than going to school ? having play time every day !
why did the limping man sit on a scorpion ? he thought that it would be " pinched " !
in the morning elephants put springs on their feet and jump around the jungle . now the most fearsome sound to a monkey is " boing boing "
yo momma so stupid when she heard the doorbell she opened the microwave and said " hello ? ? ? "
they had quite a scare in washington , dc , today . apparently , president obama was meeting with some potential cabinet nominees and someone noticed a suspicious looking document on the table that no one had ever seen before . turns out it was just a tax form , but it gave them quite a fright . - jay leno
joe figured out a way to remember his wife ' s birthday and their wedding anniversary . he opened an account with a florist and told him to send flowers to his wife on those dates , along with a note signed , " your loving husband . " his wife was thrilled by the attention , and all was great until one anniversary . joe came home , saw the bouquet , kissed his wife , and said , " nice flowers . where ' d you get them ? "
the thing you need to focus on in your 20 ' s is not getting a bad tattoo . you don ' t want to be 40 and going , " no , dude , it was different back then - everybody loved spongebob . "
i have an 18 - year - old ; her name is alexis . i chose that name because if i hadn ' t had her , i ' d be driving one .
the reason grandparents and children get along so well is really quite simple : they have a common enemy .
summer was over and the teacher was asking the class about their vacations . she turned to little johnny and asked what he did over the summer . " we visited my grandmother in minneapolis , minnesota , " he said . " that sounds like an excellent vocabulary word , " the teacher said , " can you tell the class how you spell that ? " little johnny thought about it and said , " come to think of it , she lives in ohio . "
an airliner was having engine trouble , and the pilot instructed the cabin crew to have the passengers take their seats and get prepared for an emergency landing . a few minutes later , the pilot asked the flight attendants if everyone was buckled in and ready . " all set back here , captain , " came the reply , " except one lawyer who is still going around passing out business cards . "
a waitress at a restaurant that david worked at had a change of clothes stolen from the break room . to make matters worse , she ' d planned on wearing them to the christmas party . as a brand - new employee , david knew none of this backstory , so you can imagine his surprise when the found a note on the employees ' community board saying : " it has been two weeks since the christmas party , and i still have not found my clothes . "
real headline : " air traffic controllers can apply for job in braille "
ben never saw action on his high school football team . one day , the assistant coach gave him a pep talk . " remember , ben , " he told him , " everyone on this team has an important role . there is no ' i ' in ' team ' . " " true , " said the boy . " but there is a ' ben ' in ' bench ' . "
two mice were waiting for the right time to get out of their mouse hole , because a cat was meowing on the other side . after a few minutes , the meowing stopped and was replaced by the " woof , woof ! " of a dog . thinking it was okay to come out , the mice crawled out of their hole and were pounced on by the cat . after its meal , the cat said , " i always knew learning a second language would come in handy . "
this guy at work argued with everybody that his pink oxford shirt was actually " salmon . " finally , human resources brought in a grizzly bear to settle the dispute .
whats hitlers least favourite planet ? - jewpiter
a blonde woman in georgia bought a magnolia tree from a local nursery but , after only a few months , its leaves shrivelled and it appeared to be on its last legs . she took some leaf samples back to the nursery and demanded an explanation . " oh , i know exactly what ' s wrong with your magnolia tree , ma ' am , " said the manager . " good , " she replied . " what is it ? " " autumn ! " he said .
what do michael jackson and speed racer have in common ? they both have a monkey and a small boy in their trunk .
every man believes every woman ' s ultimate fantasy is to have two men at once . while a recent sociological study verified this , what men don ' t realize is that , in women ' s fantasies , one man cooks while the other cleans !
it was often said that if an african american was ever voted in to be the president of the united states , that would be the the day that pigs fly . 100 days after president barack obama is in office , swine flu .
maths teacher asks a blonde girl what comes after 69 ? " essex girl replies " you wash your face and rinse your mouth duh . . . ! "
how do you know if you have the swine flu ? you wake up in pigtails and then break out in rashers !
swine flu may affect your hearing : you could get crackling in one ear !
i hear there ' s now a sine flu as well . someone on the news was going off on a tangent about it .
yo momma is so ugly when she passed a horror movie filming the camera man said " hey ! no breaks , get back on set . "
q : why can peter pan fly ? a : because if you got hit in the peter with a pan you ' d fly too .
yo momma is so stupid she drowned in the shower .
two eggs sitting on a kitchen table , when one sees a whisk . he says to his friend , " ooh , what ' s that ? " the friend replies , " beats me ! "
why is a pool table green ? because if someone racked your balls you ' d be green too .
what ' s worse than a brunette building a fire under water ? a blonde trying to put it out .
y ' know - just when i think i ' ve finally figured out women , i wake up !
" what i saw , it was burned into my mind forever . " " well , that explains the red markings on your scalp . "
she was only a whisky maker ' s daughter , but he loved her still .
three friends sat down in the new cafe ' in town . they began to have casual conversation , and eventually jokes were brought up . one of them said , " oh , did you hear the joke about the guy in hell drinking coffee and eating a doughnut ? " before anyone could answer , though , the man across the room told the waitress , " i ' ll have some coffee and a doughnut "
a special kind of firework with very bright colors and little smoke was accidentally discovered when a man tried to make the atomic bomb safer . that defeats the original purpose .
everyone knows that common phrase , meaning , ' come on , i need to get lucky ! ' well , whenever i need to get lucky , i say , daddy needs a new pair o ' pants ! ( come on , winter is coming ! )
jersey girls aren ' t trash ; trash gets picked up .
how long does a black woman take to do a shit ? 9 months
this poem is for every guy who has a girl who wants poetry and songs devoted entirely to them ; ) ( sung to row row row my boat ) suck , suck , suck my cock suck my god damn cock blow it hard you fucking ' tard suck my god damn cock ! please , if this offends you don ' t read it , no need to comment on how horrid it is , this is not every one ' s brand of humor . . .
someone approaches you to say hi and your immediate response is , " you bet i am ! "
why aren ' t there more kenyans in the olympics ? all the rest couldn ' t outrun the slave traders !
an elderly couple was attending mass . about halfway through , the wife leans over and says to her husband , ' i just let out a silent fart ; what do you think i should do ? he replies , ' put a new battery in your hearing aid . '
yo mamma ' s so fat when she jumped off the ship a sailor yelled , " land ahoy ! "
i tried for years to snap my thumb and finger together - and suddenly it clicked !
how do you shut up a crying baby ? finish the job .
do you think god gets stoned ? i do . look at the platypus ! - robin williams
how can you tell if a blonde has been in your fridge ? there is lipstick on the cucumber
a police man arrested a mba marketing girl . . . . girl : i ' m not involved in sex cop : then what are you doing ? girl : i am selling condoms and offering a free a trial
what do you call a black priest ? holy crap !
once there was a large group of mexicans who made a club called the i love mayonnaise club . and they made this club days before the titanic set sail . and on the titanic there was a large , large case of mayonnaise . and later when the titanic sank , this group was very sad so they formed a holiday called " sink - o da - mayo "
if i ever need a good laugh . . . . yo momma
what george w . bush thinks during his cabinet meetings . hmmm . . . what does the w stand for ? wait . . . there isn ' t even a cabinet in here !
the following is a list of the u . s . deaths in certain places . september 11 : 2 , 752 war on terror : 4 , 344 we beat ourselves .
knock knock who ' s there ? dennis what is den ? my name is dennis what is den ? den is like a mini barnyard or a mini house oh ! anyways who are you ? i am dennis ! ! i forgot what den is again . argh !
what does ppsh - 41 stand for ? it is : perfectly and painfully and stubborn hallucination for ( 4 ) one ( 1 )
we all know the world war ii games right ? and they also have the thompson gun which belongs to the americans and british . there is a 2nd meaning . ( capital letters make for thompson not just the beginning words . if you know what i mean ) thompson means : theories having oatmeal mayhem . prefers to sadness because oatmeal is numb . capital letters are the letters of thompson .
knock knock who ' s there z z who ? z taxi is leaving ! i don ' t speak italian or french or anything of your so - called " special " language ! * slams door *
how many exciting people does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? none , because they are very excited , one of them cracks the lightbulb and another throws the screw at their neighbor ' s house .
a husband and wife were sitting watching a tv program about psychology and mixed emotions when he turned to his wife and said , " honey , that ' s a bunch of crap ; i bet you can ' t tell me anything that will make me happy and sad at the same time . " she said , " you have the biggest penis of all your friends . "
a woman is walking down the street with a pack of menstrual pads in her hand , after buying them from the store . a homeless guy comes by and kindly asks for money . the woman says she has no change . so , the guy being a smartass says , " can i have some of that bread in your hand ? " the woman being a bigger smartass says , " meet me tomorrow and i will give it to you with some ketchup on it ! "
you ' ll never guess what just happened ! i just got arrested for punching a black woman . it wasn ' t my fault it was my mom ' s . we were in home depot when she told me to go find a black & decker .
what did one gay say to the other when they broke up ? ' ' you ' re such a pain in the a * s ' '
the " bishop " came to our church today the was a fucken impostor he never once moved diagonally
me and my friend were iming and it was like this . . . me : brb him : kake me : heh him : i like kake me : i like 3 . 1415926535 him : pi > : 0
1 good grades 2 social life 3 adequate sleep . pick two welcome to college . . .
dad , have you got a ladder ? yes ; why ? i have to write an essay on an elephant !
johnny comes home from school , and shouts , " mother ! " mother calls from upstairs , " if you wish to speak to me , come upstairs so you don ' t have to shout . " when johnny gets upstairs , she says , " now , what did you want to say to me ? " " just that i trod in some dog do , but it seems to have gone now ! "
21st century . . . our communication - wireless our dress - topless our telephone - cordless our cooking - fireless our youth - jobless our food - fatless our labour - effortless our conduct - worthless our relation - loveless our attitude - careless our feelings - heartless our politics - shameless our education - valueless our follies - countless our arguments - baseless our boss - brainless our job - thankless our salary / allowance - very less ! ! !
in a recent review , the weird gamers rated popular game , grand theft auto iv 3 . 14 out of 10 . they said it was pirated .
a chinese family of four was eating fried rice for dinner . as always , the half - blind father was last . thinking that nobody will care if he throws his food out , he does so , as he sees an empty garbage can . the next morning his wife says to him : " honey , while you were eating dinner i took the garbage out , and now some ee - diot left crap in the box . please clean it up "
johnny : hey billy , you like fishsticks ? billy : yeah . . . johnny : so , you put fishsticks in your mouth ? billy : yeah why ? johnny : what are you billy , a gay fish ?
you know how we earn little icons next to our names for the points we get for being active on wocka ? they should do that on facebook . only backwards . the longer you are totally inactive , the higher level symbols you get .
dmv jokes get old really fast . unlike the dmv . you have to go through a special line to become old .
good morning is a contradiction in terms .
why did the chicken cross the road ? to get to the other side ! duh ! aw c ' mon , how many times are you gonna fall for this ?
what do you call an intelligent man in america ? a tourist .
a donkey meets a buick at the high road . " hello car " , the donkey says . " hello donkey " , the buick replies , when suddenly the donkey begins to cry . " oh my " the buick says . " why are you crying " ? " well , when i now call you car , you can at least call me horse .
how many adhd kids does it take to change a lightbulb ? it takes twenty se - hey , this is in the wrong category !
yo momma is so stupid , that she made a crack on the sidewalk and tried to smoke it !
if a fly can fly , can an elephant elephant ?
i saw yo momma walkin ' down the street the other day , with a fat pig under her arm . so , i went up to her and asked , ' ' hey , where did you get that ? ' ' and the pig says ' ' i won her in a contest ! ' '
how many adhd kids does it take to change a light bulb ? 1 : let ' s go ride our bikes ! 2 : hey look ! a squirrel .
knock - knock ? who ' s there ? little boy blue ! little boy blue who ? michael jackson ! if you don ' t get it , read the title . if you still don ' t get it , pm me . if you still don ' t get it , you ' re an asshole
jimmy to billy : you ain ' t half the man yo momma was . but hey , you are half the girl yo papa was .
jimmy : hey , you momma is so fat , that she fills up myspace billy : hey , yo momma is my space , your space and everybody ' s space !
these danish chicks flash their hairy armpits , while they catch guys ' reaction on candid camera . scroll in a few minutes - it is hilarious http : / / www . dr . dk / pirattv / programmer / soestrene - bidsk / soestrene - bidsk - tester - angst - for - haar /
usa : what ' s wrong world ? world : ( crying and sniffling ) my kitty died ! usa : that ' s unfortunate . here ' s a couple hundred billion dollars my hardworking citizens paid . i was gonna spend it on education and defence and whatnot , but you need it more . world : ( takes the money ) cheapass ! ( spits in usa ' s face )
a man was kneeling by his bed , praying . his wife walks in and asks " whatcha doin ' ? " the man - once finishing - says " praying . " " whatcha prayin for ? " says the lady . " guidance . " " don ' t pray for guidance , pray for stiffness and i ' ll guide it myself ! "
apparently , a polish driver living in southern ireland by the name of prawo jazdy had racked up dozens of speeding tickets and parking fines - but with a different address on each occasion . eventually , the garda discovered that prawo jazdy is polish for ' driving licence ' . . .
you probably know for a fact that adolf hitler had only one testicle . and here we say ' ' you got to have balls to become a leader ' '
an elderly couple was watching the news when the man farts . the man asks " was that me , or you ? "
a boy comes home from school and runs to his father . the boy says ' ' dad , a boy in my class calls me a gay ' ' . ' ' oh yeah ? well then beat him up ! ' ' says his dad . the boy replies ' ' i can ' t dad ! ' ' . ' ' why not son ? ' ' . the boy looking away says ' ' because he ' s kinda cute ' '
no cure here . . . .
yo momma is so old that when she farts , dust comes out !
yo momma is so fat , she ' s not on a diet . . . she ' s on two diets cause one ain ' t fittin ' her well !
yo momma has afros on her nipples
if only dead people understand hexadecimal , how many people understand hexadecimal ? 57005 .
why do mathematicians always confuse halloween and christmas ? because 31 oct = 25 dec .
an analyst , a pure mathematician , and a statistician apply for a job . the interviewer asks each of them the question " what is 1 / 3 multiplied by 3 ? " the analyst enters it into his calculator and replies that the answer is 0 . 9999999 . the pure mathematician replies that the answer is obviously 1 . then , the statistician asks the interviewer " what do you want it to be ? "
a mathematician and his best friend , an engineer , attend a public lecture on geometry in thirteen - dimensional space . " how did you like it ? " the mathematician wants to know after the talk . " my head ' s spinning , " the engineer confesses . " how can you develop any intuition for thirteen - dimensional space ? " " well , it ' s not even difficult . all i do is visualize the situation in n - dimensional space and then set n = 13 . "
an infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar . the first goes up to the bartender and says , " i ' ll have a pint of lager , please . " the next one says , " and i ' ll have half of what he ' s having . " the bartender says , " you ' re all idiots , " and pulls two pints .
premise i : knowledge is power . premise ii : power corrupts . conclusion : therefore , knowledge corrupts .
what is sin x divided by n ? canceling the " n " yields six .
a dozen , a gross , and a score plus three times the square root of four divided by seven plus five times eleven is nine squared and not a bit more .
an army brat was boasting about his father to a navy brat . " my dad is an engineer . he can do everything . do you know the alps ? " " yes , " said the navy brat . " my dad has built them . " then the navy kid spoke : " and do you know the dead sea ? " " yes . " " it ' s my dad who ' s killed it ! "
the englishman and the scotsman both walk into a bar . the irishman ducks under it .
an englishman , a scotsman and a rabbi walk into a bar . the rabbi stops and says " i think i ' m in the wrong joke . "
a dane , a norwegian and snakeyboy made a wager on who could remain inside a goat pen the longest . first out was the dane , who came out after just 10 minutes yelling " damn ! the goat stinks ! " after him the norwegian went in , and after half an hour he came out yelling , " damn ! the goat stinks ! " finally snakeyboy went in . after 2 hours the goat came rushing out yelling " damn ! snakeyboy stinks ! "
you know you ' re addicted to wocka when your friends say something funny , and you cry out ' ' lol , lol ' ' instead of actually laughing out loud .
what a bullfighter tries to do . ( avoid - a - bull )
too much to pay for corn ( [ a ] buck an ear )
a fashionably dressed big cat ( dandy lion )
possessing only ten teeth . ( deca - dent )
where people wait for buses . ( the - bus - station )
live long ( die late )
consumption of an expensive meal . ( fortune - ate )
a flaming elf . ( imp - alight )
where one places dirty dishes ( in the sink )
fred got home from his sunday round of golf later than normal and very tired . " bad day at the course ? " his wife asked . " everything was going fine , " he said . " then harry had a heart attack and died on the 10th tee . " " oh , that ' s awful ! " " you ' re not kidding . for the whole back nine it was hit the ball , drag harry , hit the ball , drag harry . . . "
how many wocka users does it take to change a lightbulb ? a : all of ' em . one to hold the lightbulb and the rest to argue if this is funny or not .
italian suppositories . ( in - you - end - os )
me not on time . ( i - ( am ) - so - late )
a foot . ( leg - end )
an english tramp . ( hobo )
in favour of youth . ( pro - teen )
what trees do in spring . ( re - leaf )
how geese fly ( in formation )
is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me ?
how can you use a banana as a compass ? place a banana on the berlin wall . east is where a bite has been taken out of it .
two berlin children spoke to each other over the wall . the little girl in the west says , while eating a banana , " look - i have a banana . " the boy in the east doesn ' t want to be inferior to her in anything and says , full of pride : " we have socialism . " the girl counters : " so , we ' ll have socialism soon too . " the boy , triumphant : " see , then you won ' t have any bananas any more either ! "
in the gdr , at traffic hubs and in front of supermarkets there are " banana machines " . you stick a banana in and five ostmarks come out !
a west - german boy to a ddr - boy : why is the banana curved ? the ossie replies : why , is this curved ? ( old hungarian joke )
which three great nations in the world begin with " u " ? - usa , ussr , and our ( german : unsere ) gdr ( usa , udssr , unsere ddr ) . ( a play on the way official discourse often used the phrase " our gdr " , and also often exaggerated the gdr ' s world status . )
the teacher asks in school : " what is the most important thing in socialism ? " the students consider and little fritz ( fritzchen ) answers : " the most important thing in socialism is the human ! " the teacher : " that is a good answer , fritzchen . i will give you a b - grade . " fritzchen is dissatisfied and responds emphatically : " would you maybe give me an a if i told you what the human ' s name was ? "
the teacher asks : " fritzchen , why are you always speaking of our soviet brothers ? it ' s ' soviet friends ' . " fritz responds : " well , you can pick your friends . "
honecker meets mao and asks him : " how many political opponents do you have in china ? " mao : " i estimate about 17 million . " honecker : " oh , that ' s pretty much the same here . " ( the gdr had 17 million inhabitants )
the teacher asks : " fritzchen , what is the difference between capitalism and socialism ? " fritz replies : " capitalism is the exploitation of man by man . under socialism , it is the other way around . "
" the fact that the gdr considers itself as one of the 5 technologically most advanced power of the nations may be be given to the fact that there are only 5 fingers on a hand . " university lecture in hungary in the 70s
" what ' s the difference between honecker and a telephone ? none ! hang up and try again . "
honecker and mielke are discussing their hobbies . honecker : " i collect all the jokes about me that are in circulation . " mielke : " then we have almost the same hobby . i collect those who bring the jokes into circulation . "
how can you tell that the stasi has bugged your apartment ? there ' s a new cabinet in it .
two stasi agents are on a surveillance mission and quite bored . first agent : " hey , what are you thinking about ? " second agent : " oh , nothing special . the same as you . . . " first agent : " in that case , you ' re under arrest ! "
guest : " a cup of coffee , please ! " waiter : " turkish or filtered ? " guest : " why , filtered , of course . " waiter : " then you ' ll have to bring your own filter paper for now . "
what ' s the difference between an ho - sausage and sputnik ? they ' ve officially confirmed that sputnik 2 had a dog in it .
what was the most - frequently used word at the german - german border ? " goose meat " . ( gã¤nsefleisch , sounds like the first three words in genn ' se vleisch mal ' n gofferraum offmachn ? in the saxon accent , kã¶nnen sie vielleicht mal den kofferraum aufmachen ? in standard german , which means could you please open the trunk ? )
the doorbell rings . the woman goes to the door and shortly comes back startled and turns to her husband , seeking help : " dieter ! there ' s a man standing outside who only asks ' tatã¼ tata ' " ( tatã¼ tata is onomatopoeia for the sound a police car siren makes ) . dieter goes to the door and comes back laughing . " it ' s my coworker from saxony , asking " is do dieta da ? " ( ist der dieter da ? , " is dieter there ? " )
a man was fishing . after a while another angler came to join him . " have you had any bites ? " asked the second man . " yes , lots , " replied the first one , " but they were all mosquitoes . "
how do you double the value of a trabant ? fill up the tank !
veb sachsenring brought out a new eco - trabi : immediately available for delivery , extremely cheap , extremely quiet , extremely environmentally friendly - with electric power train . small problem : the extension cord is only 20 meters long and not in stock .
did you know they have knight rider in the gdr ? it ' s a trabant with a pocket calculator !
why are there so many bananas in the west ? because the westerners are descended from apes .
what ' s the difference between a western necktie and a cow ' s tail ? the cow ' s tail covers the whole asshole .
at the peak of the wave of east germans fleeing through hungary and czechoslovakia in 1989 , the persons still staying in east germany ( ddr ) were called the " der dumme rest " ( the dumb remains ) .
what do you get when you cross an ossi with a wessi ? an arrogant unemployed person .
q : how can you tell that an elephant is in the bathtub with you ? a : by the smell of peanuts on its breath .
q : why do elephants paint their toes yellow ? a : so they can hide upside down in the custard .
q : what did the dallas chief of police say when the elephant walked into the police station ? a : nothing ! he didn ' t notice .
q : why do elephants have big ears ? a : because noddy would not pay the ransom !
q : how do you shoot a blue elephant ? a : with a blue elephant gun .
q : how do you shoot a yellow elephant ? a : have you ever seen a yellow elephant ?
q : how do you shoot a red elephant ? a : hold his trunk shut until he turns blue , and then shoot him with the blue elephant gun .
q : how do you shoot a purple elephant ? a : paint him red , hold his trunk shut until he turns blue , and then shoot him with the blue elephant gun .
q : how many elephants will fit into a mini ? a : four : two in the front , two in the back .
q : how many giraffes will fit into a mini ? a : none . it ' s full of elephants .
q : how do you get two whales in a mini ? a : along the m4 and across the severn bridge .
q : how do you know there are two elephants in your refrigerator ? a : you can hear giggling when the light goes out .
q : how do you know there are three elephants in your refrigerator ? a : you can ' t close the door .
q : how do you know there are four elephants in your refrigerator ? a : there ' s an empty mini parked outside .
what do elephants have that nothing else has ? baby elephants !
q : what is brown , has four legs , and a trunk ? a : a mouse coming back from vacation .
q : what has eight legs , two trunks , four eyes , and two tails ? a : two elephants .
q : why is an elephant big , grey and wrinkly ? a : because if it was small , white and hard it would be an aspirin .
why are golf balls small and white ? because if they were big and grey they would be elephants .
q : what ' s the difference between an elephant and a plum ? a : their color .
if i had only one day left to live , i would live it in my social studies class ; it would seem so much longer .
q : what did tarzan say to jane when he saw the elephants coming ? a : here come the elephants .
q : what did jane say to tarzan when she saw the elephants coming ? a : here come the plums ; she was color blind .
q : what is big and grey and comes in quarts ? a : an elephant .
heaven is where the police are british , the cooks french , the mechanics german , the lovers italian , and it is all organized by the swiss . hell is where the chefs are british , the mechanics french , the lovers swiss , the police german , and it is all organized by the italians .
wenn ist das nunstruck git und slotermeyer ? ja ! beiherhund das oder die flipperwaldt gersput !
would you hit a woman with a baby ? no , i ' d hit her with a brick .
what has four legs and ticks ? a walking clock !
q : how do you keep an idiot busy ? a : have him read this .
if you ' d like to know how to keep an idiot busy for hours , go to this page : http : / / www . wocka . com / joke . php ? id = 17559
two rabbis argued late into the night about the existence of god , and , using strong arguments from the scriptures , ended up indisputably disproving his existence . the next day , one rabbi was surprised to see the other walking into the shul for morning services . " i thought we had agreed there was no god " , he said . " yes , what does that have to do with it ? " replied the other .
the devil is the father of lies , but he neglected to patent the idea , and the business now suffers from competition .
two rabbis were discussing their problems with squirrels in their synagogue attic . one rabbi said they simply called an exterminator and they never saw the squirrels again . the other rabbi said , " we just gave them all a bar mitzvah , and never saw the squirrels again . "
q : is one permitted to ride in an airplane on the sabbath ? a : yes , as long as your seat belt remains fastened . in this case , it is considered that you are not riding , you are wearing the plane .
after the assassination of tsar alexander ii of russia , a government official in ukraine menacingly addressed the local rabbi , " i suppose you know in full detail who was behind it . " " ach , " the rabbi replied , " i have no idea , but the government ' s conclusion will be the same as always : they will blame the jews and the bicyclists . " " why the bicyclists ? " asked the befuddled official . " why the jews ? " responded the rabbi .
during the days of oppression and poverty of the russian shtetls , one village had a rumour going around : a christian girl was found murdered near their village . fearing a pogrom , they gathered at the synagogue . suddenly , the rabbi came running up , and cried , " wonderful news ! the murdered girl was jewish ! "
post - soviet russia . rabinovich calls the pamyat headquarters : " is it true that we jews sold out mother russia ? " in return he hears an affirmation accompanied by antisemitic slurs . " oh good . so where can i get my share ? "
an orthodox , a conservative , and a reform rabbi are each asked whether one is supposed to say a brokhe ( blessing ) over a lobster ( non - kosher food , normally not eaten by religious jews ) . the orthodox rabbi doesn ' t know what a " lobster " is . the conservative rabbi doesn ' t know what to say . the reform rabbi says , " what ' s a brokhe ? "
we were married by a reform rabbi in long island . a very reform rabbi . a nazi .
at an orthodox wedding , the bride ' s mother is pregnant . at a conservative wedding , the bride is pregnant . at a reform wedding , the rabbi is pregnant . at a reconstructionist wedding , the rabbi and her wife are both pregnant .
an old jewish beggar was out on the street in new york city with his tin cup . " please , sir , " he pleaded to a passerby , " could you spare seventy - three cents for a cup of coffee and some pie ? " the man asked , " where do you get coffee and pie for seventy - three cents in new york ? it costs at least a dollar ! " the beggar replied , " so who buys retail ? "
i believe five out of four people have trouble with fractions . weird : stressed spelled backwards is desserts . no one ever says " it ' s only a game , " when their team is winning . since americans throw rice at weddings , do asians throw hamburgers ? if it ' s true that we are here to help others , then what exactly are the others here for ?
it ' s a dog eat dog world out there . and they ' re short on napkins . married people don ' t live longer than single people . it just seems longer .
after performing a marriage the rabbi gave some advice to the newlyweds : " the first ten years are always the hardest , " said the rabbi . " how many years have you been married ? " they asked . " ten years , " the rabbi replied .
is one nobel prize so much to ask from a child after all i ' ve done ?
" sarah , how ' s that boy of yours ? " " david ? ach , don ' t ask - he ' s living in miami with a man named miguel " " that ' s terrible ! " " i know - why couldn ' t he find a nice jewish boy ? "
a frenchman , a german and a jew walk into a bar . " i ' m tired and thirsty , " says the frenchman . " i must have wine . " " i ' m tired and thirsty , " says the german . " i must have beer . " " i ' m tired and thirsty , " says the jew . " i must have diabetes . "
an old jewish man riding on a train begins to moan : " oy , am i thirsty ; oy , am i thirsty " , to the annoyance of the other passengers . finally , another passenger gets a cup of water from the drinking fountain and gives it to the old man , who thanks him profusely and gulps it down . feeling satisfied , the other passenger sits down again , only to hear " oy , was i thirsty ; oy , was i thirsty " .
q : rabinovich , what is a fortune ? a : a fortune is to live in our socialist motherland . q : and what ' s a misfortune ? a : a misfortune is to have such a fortune .
an old armenian is on his deathbed : " my children , remember to defend the jews . " " why jews ? " " because if they are gone , we will be next . "
an old jewish man is picked up by the stalinist police and brought in for questioning : where were you born ? ! st . petersburg . where do you live ? ! leningrad . ( menacingly ) where would you like to die ? ! st . petersburg .
an elderly man refuses to leave for the air raid shelter until he can find his dentures . his wife yells at him , " what , you think they are dropping sandwiches ? "
knock , knock ! who ' s there ? delores . delores who ? delores my shepherd . . .
toc toc ! qui est lã   ? sheila . sheila qui ? sheila lutte finale . . .
knock , knock , knock ! who ' s there , i ' th ' name of beelzebub ? here ' s a farmer that hanged himself on the expectation of plenty . come in time , have napkins enough about you , here you ' ll sweat for ' t .
knock , knock ! who ' s there , in th ' other devil ' s name ? faith , here ' s an equivocator that could swear in both the scales against either scale , who committed treason enough for god ' s sake , yet could not equivocate to heaven . o , come in , equivocator .
the economy is so bad . . . if the bank returns your check marked ' ' insufficient funds , ' ' you call them and ask if they meant you or them . the economy is so bad . . . a truckload of americans was caught sneaking into mexico .
i saw a girl the other day . i didn ' t like her because she was a butter face . you know ' butter face ' - she has a hot body , but her face . . .
knock , knock , knock ! who ' s there ? faith , here ' s an english tailor come hither for stealing out of a french hose . come in , tailor . here you may roast your gooses .
knock , knock ! who ' s there ? sobers . sobers who ? sau baras se khatkhata rahen hain , ab to darwazaa kholo .
q . how many iranians does it take to change a light bulb ? a . you send us the prize money and we ' ll tell you the answer .
an englishman , an irishman , and a scotsman walk into a bar . the bartender turns to them , takes one look , and says " what is this - some kind of joke ? "
three blind mice walk into a bar , but they are unaware of their surroundings so to derive humour from it would be exploitative .
a performative poet of hibernia rhymed himself into a hernia he became quite adept at this practise , except for the occasional non - sequitur .
i ' ve often started off with a lawyer joke , a complete caricature of a lawyer who ' s been nasty , greedy and unethical . but i ' ve stopped that practice . i gradually realised that the lawyers in the audience didn ' t think the jokes were funny and the non - lawyers didn ' t know they were jokes .
humor can be dissected , as a frog can , but the thing dies in the process and the innards are discouraging to any but the pure scientific mind .
" three people of different nationalities walk into a bar . two of them say something smart , and the third one makes a mockery of his fellow countrymen by acting dumb . "
this is by me , the asshole who dupes himeself .
how many members of a certain demographic group does it take to perform a specified task ? a finite number : one to perform the task and the remainder to act in a manner stereotypical of the group in question .
there once was an x from place b , that satisfied predicate p , he or she did thing a , in an adjective way , resulting in circumstance c .
" big foot is blurry . . . that ' s the problem ! "
" it would be funny if , while performing an abortion , someone yelled ' abort ! abort ! ' "
i have nothing to declare except my genius .
race is just a pigment of the imagination .
if it wasn ' t for pickpockets , i ' d have no sex life at all .
overall , i ' d say my career as a photographer has been a bit of a blur .
i have a map of the world . . . its actual size .
the armenian radio was asked : " is it possible to enjoy life to the fullest in the soviet union ? " the armenian radio answers : " yes , if you like crowded trains . "
the armenian radio was asked : " is it good to have sex with an open window ? " the armenian radio answers : " yes , but with a woman it is better . "
the armenian radio was asked : " is it true that in moscow , mercedes cars are being given to citizens ? " the armenian radio answers : " yes , but it is not moscow but leningrad , not mercedes but ladas , and not given to but stolen from . "
the armenian radio was asked : " is it true that comrade cosmonaut yuri gagarin ' s car was stolen in moscow during the celebrations ? " the armenian radio answers : " in principle yes , but it was not in moscow , rather in kiev , and it was not his car , but his bike and it was not comrade cosmonaut yuri gagarin , but comrade highschool teacher gagarin and his first name was not yuri , but leonid . . . "
some provincial man has come to rome , and walking on the streets was drawing everyone ' s attention , being a real double of the emperor augustus . the emperor , having brought him to the palace , looks at him and then asks : - tell me , young man , did your mother come to rome anytime ? the reply was : - she never has . but my father frequently was here .
a man , standing before a censor , is about to testify , whether he has a wife . the censor asks : - do you have , in all your honesty , a wife ? - i surely do , but not in all my honesty .
a runner going to participate in the olympic games had a dream , that he was driving a quadriga . early in the morning he goes to a fortune - teller for explanation of the dream . the reply is : - you will win , that meant the speed and the strength of the horses . but , to be sure about this , the runner visits another fortune - teller . this one replies : - you will lose . don ' t you understand , that four ones came before you ?
russian company : you have two cows . you drink some vodka and count them again . you have five cows . the russian mafia shows up and takes however many cows you have .
dad to his family : the phone bill is exceptionally high . you have to limit its use . i don ' t use this telephone . i use the one a the office . mum : same here , i hardly use this phone as i use my work telephone . son : me too , i never use the home telephone . i always use my company mobile . maid : so what ' s the problem ? we all use our work telephones !
you have a million cows . most of them are illegals .
why does a chicken cross the street ? because it wants to get on the other side !
why should not a chicken cross the road ? it would be a fowl proceeding .
why does a duck cross the street ? because it was the chicken ' s and turkey ' s day off .
why did the dinosaur cross the road ? because chickens weren ' t invented yet .
why didn ' t the duck cross the road ? to prove he ' s no chicken .
why did the chicken cross the road halfway ? to " lay it on the line " .
what you humans call ' the apocalypse ' , i used to call sunday dinner ! - archangel , gabriel
music teacher : anyone has a suggestion to which song we should play next ? johnny : how ' bout we sing ' the teacher is a big fat bitch . . . in c - minor ? '
if your father is a poor man , it ' s your fate . but , if your father - in - law is a poor man , it ' s your stupidity .
hw does battery reproduce ? bi pluging it into boodler ' s giant ass !
why did the chewing gum cross the road ? because it was stuck to the chicken ' s feet .
why did the duck cross the road ? because the chicken was on holiday .
why didn ' t the chicken cross the road ? because he ' s " chicken " .
what is the difference between a chicken ? neither can ride a bicycle .
why did the chicken cross the road ? because it had no frontal lobe .
a heavy - set woman goes into a drug store and asks for talcum powder . the bowlegged clerk says , " walk this way , " and the woman answers , " if i could walk that way i would not need talcum powder ! "
how does boodler reproduce ? by fucking battery ' s fat - shit - and - cum filled ass
battery fucked boodler ' s ass hard and soft yesterday ! maybe zat explains z growth in z population recently ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 11 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 1
boodler - - - > kind of sounds like boob blur ! and zats why battery fucks boobler 69 times a day .
a scottish highlander is asked what his three wishes would be . he first wishes for a lake full of whisky . his second wish is for a similar quantity of good food . when asked for his third wish , after a moment of indecision , he asks for a second lake full of whisky . [ 2 ]
the confused protagonist suddenly finding himself in the presence of the genie , who informs him that he has one wish left ; he has just used the second wish to completely undo the effect of the first , including his own memory of making it . undaunted , the protagonist makes his third wish , only to have the genie comment wryly ( just before disappearing ) that he wished for the same thing the first time .
when i saw that item , i said to my wife , " i don ' t think spaghetti grows on trees " , so we ' d looked it up in encyclopã¦dia britannica . do you know , miall , encyclopã¦dia britannica doesn ' t even mention spaghetti .
in america , you can always find a party . in russia , the party finds you . in america , you listen to man on radio . in soviet russia , man on radio listen to you . in america , you watch television . in soviet russia , television watches you .
a man was reported to have said : " nikolay is a moron ! " and was arrested by the policeman . " no , sir , i meant not our respected emperor , but another nikolay ! " - " don ' t try to trick me : if you say " moron " , you obviously refer to our tsar " .
you ' ve probably heard : if at first you don ' t succeed , lower your standards . new version : if at first you get hit below the belt , lower your belt !
a respected merchant sevenassov wants to change his surname and asks the tsar for permission . the emperor writes his resolution : " allowed to deduct two asses down " .
a judge walks out of his chambers laughing his head off . a colleague approaches him and asks why he is laughing . " i just heard the funniest joke in the world ! " " well , go ahead , tell me ! " says the other judge . " i can ' t - i just gave a guy ten years for it ! "
the principle of socialist economy of the period of transition to communism : the authorities pretend they are paying wages , workers pretend they are working . alternately , " so long as the bosses pretend to pay us , we will pretend to work . " this joke persisted essentially unchanged through the 1980s .
lenin died , but his cause lives on !
rabinovich notes : " i would prefer it the other way round . "
what a coincidence : " brezhnev died , but his body lives on . "
lenin coined a slogan on how to achieve the state of communism through rule by the communist party and modernization of the russian industry and agriculture : " communism is soviet power plus electrification of the whole country ! " the slogan was subject to popular mathematical scrutiny : " consequently , soviet power is communism minus electrification , and electrification is communism minus soviet power . "
the winter ' s passed , the summer ' s here . for this we thank our party dear !
one old bolshevik says to another : " no my friend , we will not live long enough to see communism , but our children . . . poor children . "
will there be kgb in communism ? as you know , in communism , the state will be abolished , together with its means of suppression . people will know how to arrest themselves .
- how do you deal with mice in the kremlin ? - put up a sign saying " collective farm " . then half the mice will starve and the others will run away .
abramovich was sentenced to 5 years , served 10 , then fortunately was paroled before he served the rest of his sentence .
three men sit in a jail in ( kgb headquarters ) dzerzhinsky square . the first asks the second why he has been imprisoned , and he says , " because i criticized karl radek . " the first man responds , " but i am here because i spoke out in favor of radek ! " they turn to the third man who has been sitting quietly in the back , and ask him why he is in jail too . he responds , " i ' m karl radek . "
armenian radio was asked : " is it true that conditions in our labor camps are excellent ? " armenian radio answers : " it is true . five years ago a listener of ours raised the same question and was sent to one , reportedly to investigate the issue . he hasn ' t returned yet ; we are told he liked it there . "
is it true that there is freedom of speech in the soviet union the same as there is in the usa ? in principle , yes . in the usa , you can stand in front of the white house in washington , dc , and yell , " down with reagan ! " and you will not be punished . just the same , you can stand in the red square in moscow and yell , " down with reagan ! " and you will not be punished .
is it true that the soviet union is the most progressive country in the world ? of course ! the life was already better yesterday than it ' s going to be tomorrow !
to sum up the russians ' experience with political leaders thus far : lenin showed how a country can be ruled ; stalin showed how a country should be ruled ; khrushchev showed that a moron can rule a country ; brezhnev showed that not just any moron can rule a country .
during the famine of the civil war , a delegation of starving peasants comes to the smolny , wishing to file a petition . " we have even started eating the grass like horses , " says one peasant . " soon we will start neighing like horses ! " " come on ! don ' t worry ! " says lenin reassuringly . " we are drinking tea with honey here , and we are not buzzing like bees , are we ? "
" comrade stalin ! this man is your exact double ! " / " shoot him ! " / " maybe we should shave off his moustache ? " / " good idea ! shave it off and then shoot him ! " . ( in another version , stalin replies shortly ili tak [ lit . or so ] , meaning " this way is ok too " , which has become somewhat proverbial ) .
why was khrushchev deseated ? because of the seven " c " s : cult of personality , communism , china , cuban crisis , corn , and cuzka ' s mother .
" leonid ilyich is in surgery . " / " heart again ? " / " no , chest expansion surgery : to fit one more gold star medal . "
at the 1980 olympics , brezhnev begins his speech . " o ! " - applause . " o ! " - more applause . " o ! " - yet more applause . " o ! " - an ovation . " o ! ! ! " - the whole audience stands up and applauds . an aide comes running to the podium and whispers , " leonid ilyich , that ' s the olympic rings , you don ' t need to read it ! "
" leonid ilyich ! . . . " / " come on , no formalities among comrades . just call me ' ilyich ' " .
the phone rings , brezhnev picks up the phone : " hello , this is dear leonid ilyich . . . " .
" have you heard it ? brezhnev died ! " / " what happened , heart attack ? " / " no , short - circuit of eyebrows . "
" comrade andropov is the most turned on man in moscow ! " " comrade andropov is sure to light up any discussion ! " " why did brezhnev go abroad , and andropov did not ? because brezhnev ran on batteries , but andropov needed an outlet . " ( reference to brezhnev ' s pacemaker and andropov ' s dialysis machine ) .
" what is the main difference of succession under tsarist regime and under socialism ? " " under tsarist regime the power transferred from father to a son , and under socialism - from one grandfather to another . "
today , due to bad health and without regaining consciousness konstantin ustinovich chernenko took up the duties of secretary general .
a quartet of violinists returns from an international competition . one of them was honored with the possibility to play a stradivarius violin and cannot stop bragging about this . another one grunts : " what ' s so special about that ? " . the first one thinks for a minute : " let me put it in this way for you : just imagine you were given a chance to make a couple of shots from dzerzhinsky ' s mauser . . . "
" my wife has been going to cooking school for three years . " / " she must really cook well by now ! " / " no , they ' ve only reached the part about the twentieth cpsu congress so far . "
a man walks into a shop and says , " i see you don ' t have any fish " , and the shop assistant replies , " you got it wrong - ours is a butcher : we don ' t have any meat . they don ' t have any fish in the fish shop that is across the road ! "
" dad , can i have the car keys ? " " ok , but don ' t lose them . we will get the car in just seven years ! "
when yeltsin resigned from the communist party at the 28th party congress , people used to say that " yeltsin is out of mind , . . . honour , and conscience of our epoch " . ( a hint at a widespread propaganda slogan : " party is mind , honour and conscience of our epoch " )
stalin ' s ghost appears to putin in a dream , and putin asks for his help running the country . stalin says , " round up and shoot all the democrats , and then paint the inside of the kremlin blue . " " why blue ? " putin asks . " ha ! " says stalin . " i knew you wouldn ' t ask me about the first part . "
attempting to enter a case - sensitive password with caps - lock on . not checking to ensure that the computer is indeed plugged in . clicking yes on message boxes without reading them properly and deleting important files . forgetting to plug an ethernet cable into their laptop ' s network card when in the office . allowing sessions to timeout when using a web application . erroneous data entry .
and the beast shall come forth surrounded by a roiling cloud of vengeance . the house of the unbelievers shall be razed and they shall be scorched to the earth . their tags shall blink until the end of days .
and the beast shall be made legion . its numbers shall be increased a thousand thousand fold . the din of a million keyboards like unto a great storm shall cover the earth , and the followers of mammon shall tremble .
and so at last the beast fell and the unbelievers rejoiced . but all was not lost , for from the ash rose a great bird . the bird gazed down upon the unbelievers and cast fire and thunder upon them . for the beast had been reborn with its strength renewed , and the followers of mammon cowered in horror .
an irishman , a scotsman , and an american walk into a bar . the beginning of a cheesy joke ? you betcha .
as of 11 - 23 - 09 , my score was 1337 . how the hell that happened beats me . i thought i was a crappy joke writer . this is boring isn ' t it ? thought so . at least it ' s not a dupe . or is it . . . nope , it ' s not . boring as hell , right ? thought so .
how dod the person take over the remote ?
how did the person take over the remote ? he asked for remote controls !
have you ever had those days when your computer fucking sucks ? now you have a poem to say ! i ' m gonna get some coke and a snack , this should be fucking working by the time i get back .
god said " let there be light . " chuck norris said " say please . "
a pokemon trainer walks into a std help center . the nurse there says " sorry , but it looks like you ' ve caught ' em all "
this is a insult i use on my brother ' s girlfriend if she starts annoying me too much . she has a very tiny bridge in her nose that is only noticeable if you look close enough . its fun to mess with her about it cause she is very self conscious about it . that bridge on your nose is so big , it could fit rosie o ' donald across the grand canyon !
doctor , doctor ! i have a virus that makes my left hand constantly butter toast . how can i stop it spreading ?
knock - knock . . . who ' s there ? . . . . the gestapo . . . the gestapo , who ? . . . . . vee vill be asking ze questions here ! !
two hillbillies just come out of a divorce court . the ex - wife is crying her eyes out . her ex - husband comes over and says : " there , there missy , you ' re still my sister ! "
your mum ' s so fat she fell in love and broke it .
your mum ' s so fat , she jumped for joy and got stuck .
when was the price of milk the highest ? when the cow jumped over the moon .
what is red , black , has ten eyes , and crawls ? i do not know but it is on your head .
yo mama is so fat that the amount of food she eats for dinner could feed all the ethiopeans for a year !
yo mama is so dumb each time she hears obama ' s name on tv she throws her hands in the air + ducks for cover yelling oh bomb a where ? ! ? ! ? !
why did hitler kill himself ? because he saw his gas bill
they says theres safety in numbers ? tell that to six million jews !
knock - knock who ' s there ? someone someone who ? someone who cuts of during mid sen . . .
a black man and a jew jump off a building ; who wins ? society .
why are black people getting stronger ? tv ' s are getting bigger
conclusion : there is a new study about women and how they feel about their asses , the results were pretty interesting : 30% of women think their ass is too fat . . . 10% of women think their ass is too skinny . . . the remaining 60% say they don ' t care , they love him , he ' s a good man , and they wouldn ' t trade him for the world .
how many country singers does it take to screw in a light bulb ? 1 to screw it in , and 3 to write a song about it .
what did the farmer say when his truck disappeared ? where ' s my truck ?
yo momma ' so fat , she gets winded going up the escalator !
it was really hot last summer . in fact , it was so hot i saw a republican with his head out of his ass .
man - " jesus christ ! i can ' t open this hard drive . " jesus - " use the torx , luke . "
whats the difference between a black man and a farm tractor ? nothing ! the tractor is just an upgrade !
my doctor says i have insomnia , but i ' m not going to lose any sleep over it .
entitled to one phone call two teenagers were arrested for public lewdness and possession of marijuana when they were found naked , enjoying a joint on the edge of the fountain in the town square . the arresting officer , unable to reach their parents , gave them each one phone call . a half hour later , a man entered the station . the sergeant said , " i suppose you ' re the kids ' lawyer ? " " nope , " the chap replied . " i ' m just delivering their pizza ! "
what is the difference between jam and marmalade ? you can ' t marmalade your dick up a 2 year olds ass .
an elderly couple was sitting on their front porch one day when the husband said : " whenever i get at mad at you , you never seem to get upset . how do you manage to control your temper ? " " i just go and clean the toilet , " his wife replied . " how does that help ? " asked her husband . " i use your toothbrush . "
before he left on a business trip , the father took his young son aside . " terence , i ' m trusting you to take care of the family while i ' m gone . you ' re going to be the man of the house . " comprehending the gravity of the situation , terence replied soberly , " in that case , i ' m gonna need the remote . "
paddy tells mick he ' s thinking of buying a labrador dog . " oh , i wouldn ' t if i were you ! " , says mick . " have you seen how many of their owners go blind ? "
i used to have a fear of hurdles , but i got over it .
a twelve - year - old boy received a journal as a birthday gift . he looked at it carefully , but was mystified . " mom , what ' s the deal with this book ? all the pages are blank , " he asked . " that ' s called a journal , " she explained . " you write down interesting stuff that happens to you . " his face brightened as he caught her drift . " so it ' s kinda like a blog , only on paper ? "
what is the definition of perfect pitch ? when you throw the accordion into the dumpster and it lands on the banjo . what is the definition of a quarter tone ? two oboes playing in unison . what do you call a guitar player who just broke up with his girlfriend ? ? homeless . how do you know if the drum stand is level ? there is drool coming out of both sides of the drummer ' s mouth .
teacher : so class , in the medieval times , the puritan ' s ears were cut off if they didn ' t attend catholic services . student : i bet they didn ' t like the sound of that !
what do you do when you see a mexican riding a bike ? throw a stone at him , it ' s your bike !
why do blondes have litlle holes in their faces ? from eating with forks !
this site is dead . there has been an all - time low in traffic . no one posts anymore . the end of the site is a tragic one , and i will miss the site . wocka has fallen from its high branch . submit your hate towards , but you know it ' s true .
one fine day . . . . you ' re just walking by . . . . you look at this bird . . . . it shits in your eye . . . . you don ' t swear . . . . you don ' t cry . . . . you just thank god . . . . that cows don ' t fly . . . .
" where is my sunday paper ? " the irate customer calling the newspaper office loudly demanded . " madam , " said the newspaper employee , " today is saturday . the sunday paper is not delivered until tomorrow , on sunday . " there was quite a long pause on the other end of the phone , followed by a sight of resignation as she was heard to mutter , " well , fuck . . . i guess that ' s why no one was at church today . "
oedipus was a real motherfucker .
why did the chicken cross the road ? because the chicken and the road can ' t agree on anything .
did you hear the one about when the great recession began ? the president appointed a cat to chair the federal reserve . do you know why ? because when a cat falls , it always lands on its feet .
bambi , a blonde in her fourth year as a ucla freshman , sat in her u . s . government class . the professor asked bambi if she knew what roe vs . wade was about . bambi pondered the question , then finally said , " that was the decision george washington had to make before he crossed the delaware . "
knock knock . who ' s there ? granny . granny who ? knock knock . who ' s there ? granny . granny who ? knock knock . who ' s there ? granny . granny who ? knock knock . who ' s there ? aunt . aunt who ? aren ' t you glad you got rid of all those grannies ?
why did the japanese steal the diaoyu islands ? because they don ' t have enough room for their funny farms !
a man was having a serious surgical operation . when he woke up , he asked his doctor , " did it go well ? " " it went perfectly . " " then why do i have this headache ? " " oh , that . halfway through the operation , we ran out of anesthetic . "
what ' s the swedish word for divorce and swearing ? ikea .
since workaholics are people addicted to work and chocaholics are people addicted to chocolate , are catholics people addicted to cats ?
i had a great memory once , but i don ' t know where i left it . you haven ' t seen it lying around anywhere have you ? no ? no what ?
if you copy from your textbooks , it ' s making good use of what you ' ve learnt . if you copy from anywhere else , it ' s plagiarism .
what ' s the difference between a water bottle and puberty ? the water bottle hit justin bieber first .
knock knock ! whose there ? yer mom oh come in !
yo momma ' s so ugly the bank had to turn its security cameras off when she came in .
3 year old kid : " guess what ? daddy got you a pway - station ! " 7 year old kid : " really ? ? ! ! where is it ? " 3 year old : " it ' s in p - one mile ! "
teenager : dad , did you hear that jake broke up with taylor ? dad : oh no , another album .
ivan vakinov kotcha vakinov isenya vakinov
our new greengrocery is now starting ! we feature lead - free gasoline , phosphorus - free washing powder , fluorine - free refrigerator , . . . , and iodine - free salt .
it ' s so easy , it makes pie look hard .
yo momma ' s like geico : so easy a caveman could do it .
dick hurtz ( yeah , we heard ya . ) dick assman ( i wish that last name was superhero name . ) teola doing the hula to hawaii ( the new zealand girl who had that name got rid of it in court . ) rusty kuntz ( ouch . ) a . fucks ( sorry forgot the first name . ) ( a brazilian soccer player ' s name . )
your mother used to go fishing in the pacific ocean , but now she goes fission there .
yo mamma soo fat she sat on a quarter and a booger popped out of george washington ' s nose
have you heard the joke about the blind gynecologist ? she could " read lips . "
this is what happen to a boy and his father : son : dad i want to marry . father : who do you want to marry ? son : your mother . father : why do you want to marry my mother ? son : because you also marry my mother . : )
lady on telephone : " hello sir , i want to meet & talk to you . you are the father of one of my kids . " guy ( stunned ! ) : are you sandra ? no . jenny ? no . amy ? no . betty ? no . lady ( in confusion ) : " no sir , i ' m your son ' s class teacher . "
girl eagerly asks her boyfriend " where is my birthday gift ? " the boyfriend points to a sports car across the street and says " you see that beautiful and expensive ferrari on the other side of the road ? " girl gets excited and screams , " yeah ! " boy , also excitedly , says , " well , i got you the same color nail varnish ! "
i used facebook for a few days and got addicted to it . i ' ve been studying since i was 6 . why the hell am i not addicted to it ?
husband messages his wife on his cellphone : hi , wat r u doing honey ? wife replies : i ' m dying husband is delighted and jumps with joy , but texts : omg ! how am i gonna live without u ? wife replies : u idiot . i ' m dying my hair husband : * @ & ! # * / english
guide - i welcome you all to niagara falls . this is the world ' s biggest waterfall and the sound intensity of the waterfalls is so high that even 20 supersonic jet planes passing by cannot be heard . now , i request the ladies to keep quiet so that we can hear the niagara falls !
cop to boy : which of the two fighting in the street is your father ? boy : i don ' t know . that ' s what they ' re fighting about !
is anybody still alive on wocka ? ? ? ? ? ? i know this isnt a joke but this way the only way to get your attention ! helloooo . . . . was that an echo echo echo ?
imagine that you are on an adventure in a jungle with your best friend . your friend gets bitten ( on his manhood ) by a poisonous snake while he was peeing . there isn ' t a hospital for hundreds of miles . the question is , will you suck the poison out or will you just watch him die ?
what ' s grosser than gross ? a pile of dead babies in a trash can . what ' s grosser than that ? the one at the bottom is still alive . what ' s grosser than that ? he has to eat his way to freedom . what ' s grosser than that ? he goes back for more .
yo momma was so fat , i was surprised that she could even jump !
yo mama is so fat when she jumped she fell through the ground !
yo mamma is so fat it takes 1111111111111111111111111999999999thousand belts to fit her waist
yo - mamma is so fat shes fat ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the other day , i bought a packet of air . i was surprised to find a few potato chips inside it . - dedicated to lays
the only person in our town who can afford to go on a jaguar is a zoo - keeper .
a couple is sitting on the porch sipping wine . the wife says , " i love you . " the husband says , " is that you or the wine talking ? " the wife replies , " it ' s me , talking to the wine . "
the old man had died . a wonderful funeral was in progress and the town ' s preacher talked at length of the good traits of the deceased , what an honest man he was , and what a loving husband and kind father he was . finally , the widow leaned over and whispered to one of her children , " go up there and take a look in the coffin and see if that ' s your pa . "
it ' s my wife ' s birthday today so i went out earlier in the week and deliberately got her a present that i knew she ' d hate . true to form she opened it , took one look and said , " what the fuck would i want with an xbox ? i ' m going to take this back to the shop and ask for a refund . " i can ' t wait to see her little face when she gets arrested for looting .
what a woman says . . . this place is a mess ! c ' mon ! you and i need to clean up ! your stuff is lying on the floor and you ' ll have no clothes to wear if we don ' t do laundry right now ! what a man hears . . . blah blah blah blah blah c ' mon ! you and i blah blah blah blah ! blah blah blah blah on the floor blah blah blah no clothes blah blah blah blah blah blah blah right now !
a trucker goes into a whorehouse and hands the madam five hundred dollars . he says , " i want your ugliest woman and a bologna sandwich . " the madam says , " for that kind of money , you could have one of my finest girls and surf and turf . " the trucker says , " i ' m not horny , i ' m homesick . "
honest to god true story . wife ( yelling from upstairs ) : honey , i ' m naked and the dog is loose in the front yard ! husband ( downstairs ) : hold on , i ' ll be right up ! she didn ' t appreciate the humor .
wikipedia : i know everything . google : i have everything . facebook : i know everybody . internet : you ' re all nothing without me . electricity : keep talking , bitches !
q : why did the witch buy a computer ? a : she needed the spellcheck
yo moma so fat and retarded that she thinks shes skinny .
a windows customer said when he closes his windows , they disappear .
yo mama is so fat that when she turned around , it was her birhtday !
a blond was seen walking in a local mall wearing nothing but shoes , a shirt and nothing else . ' when security stopped her and asked her what she thought she was doing , she replied , " i saw a sign that said take half off and save money . "
teacher : the reason why we see lightening before we hear thunder is because light travels faster than sound . blonde student : how do you explain a clapper ?
a woman gets on a bus with her baby . the bus driver says : ' ' ugh , that ' s the ugliest baby i ' ve ever seen ! ' ' the woman walks to the rear of the bus and sits down , fuming . she says to a man next to her : ' ' the driver just insulted me ! ' ' the man says : ' ' you go up there and tell him off . go on , i ' ll hold your monkey for you . ' '
i was in the restaurant yesterday when i suddenly realized i desperately needed to pass gas . the music was really , really loud , so i timed my gas with the beat of the music . after a couple of songs , i started to feel better . i finished my coffee , and noticed that everybody was staring at me . . . then i suddenly remembered that i was listening to my ipod .
how do you kill a dumb blonde ? put something shiny on the bottom of a pool .
what s green and hangs from a tree ? ? ? giraffe boogers
an elderly couple ( battery and boodler ) was attending mass . about halfway through , boodler leans over and says to battery , " i just let out a silent fart ; what do you think i should do ? " battery replied , " that was sexy . put a new battery in your vibrator ; then let ' s go home and fuck our brains out . "
the armies of the opposition have neared washington , paris and london . the governments of us , france and london did nothing about it . ' sorry ! we need to bomb ( long list of african and middle east countries ) first . '
- i wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges ? - you can ' t have everything , where would you put it ? - isn ' t having a smoking section in a restaurant like having a peeing section in a swimming pool ? - what hair color do they put on the driver ' s licenses of baldmen ? - in a country of free speech why are there telephone bills ? - if practice makes perfect , and nobody ' s perfect , why practice ?
on the eve of the first boer war , thousands of blondes lined the streets campaigning for animal rights . ' if it ' s illegal for human women , it ' s gotta be the same for swine , ' said one activist .
here is a fragment of a crossword puzzle . note that this crossword puzzle contains abbreviations and acronyms . s o _ clue : an insult related to a female animal . answer : sow .
here is a fragment of a crossword puzzle . p _ o _ _ _ clue : something that is often brown and hard to clean . answer : poodle .
a lawyer is talking to a * fellow * politician . ' i ' m going to switzerland next month , ' said the honest politician . ' oh really ? ' asked the lawyer . ' which bank ? '
what did the father buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school ? - bison !
if bob the butcher is 5 ' 11 ' ' what does he weigh ? - meat
a martian lands to plunder , pillage and burn . he goes up to the owner of the first house he sees and says , " i ' m a martian just arrived from the other side of the galaxy . we ' re here to destroy your civilisation , pillage and burn . what do you think about that ? " the owner replies , " i don ' t have an opinion . i ' m a chartered accountant . "
what do accountants suffer from that ordinary people don ' t ? depreciation .
a man , trying to understand the nature of god , asked him , " god , how long is a million years to you ? " god answered , " a million years is like a minute . " then the man asked , " god , how much is a million dollars to you ? " and god replied , " a million dollars is like a penny . " finally , the man asked , " god , could you give me a penny ? " and god said , " in a minute . "
a fact of life : after monday and tuesday , even the calendar says w t f
an actual sign outside a house : the dog is okay . beware of the owner
the new york times , among other papers , recently published a new hubble space telescope photograph of distant galaxies colliding . of course , astronomers have had pictures of colliding galaxies for quite some time now , but with the vastly improved resolution provided by the hubble , you can actually see the lawyers rushing to the scene .
doctor : what is it that brought you here ? patient : an ambulance . why ?
a spanish speaking person was eating breakfast they where having english muffins the rest of the family was english ( the spanish speaking guy was adopted ) so he was eating an english muffin after that he tried to say uno but instead was completely english wierd
33% of men use their left hand to pee . 67% of men use their right hand . 89% wanted to know why i ' m watching them pee .
one day , a kindergarten teacher , who was incidentally blonde , gave everybody a set of crayons and told them to draw something with it . the teacher noticed that little johnny had drawn a sun enclosed in a box with rays shining out of it . ' johnny , ' said the teacher with a confused look . ' did your grandparents come from japan ? ' ' no , macedonia , ' said the colour blind child .
when you look up yahoo ! answers on yahoo ! search , it tells you it ' s deleted according to community guidelines . when you look it up on google search , it ' s restored according to google cache ' s workings .
my dog minton has eaten my shuttle cock . bad minton !
the european union has decided the only way to avoid greece defaulting on its debts is to replace the government and civil service with 300 spartans !
dreams are like underpants . you ' ve got ' em , but you can ' t prove you do by showing it to everyone .
my wife and i were at an outdoor shopping mall , and i came across what i thought was a ' life - sized ' chess board . so i began playing chess solo . ten moves in , my wife comes by and says , " honey , that ' s a crã¨che ! "
what is the world ' s sharpest thing ? a fart ! it goes through your pants without leaving a hole !
what is striped and lays eggs ? a chicken in jail !
child : mum , can i wear those really nice jeans with the hole in the knee to church ? mother : no honey , you can ' t wear holy jeans to church !
teacher : johnny , where is your homework ? johnny : its on facebook . i ' ve uploaded a copy and tagged you . please login and verify it later .
one day barney was driving his " drugmobile " down the street and a cop pulled him over , said ; " something screwy is goin ' on here , hey don ' t i know you ! " and was about to put handcuffs on barney but , barney quickly said : " oh crap , there ' s a j - walker " and ran away to his drug mobile . the cop said : " come here j - walker " . " works every time " barney said as he drove away .
hey , i saw you in dunkin ' donuts yesterday ! ! you ' re the one ordering triple chocolate , double vanilla , quadrupal cinnamon and double whip cream dounut filled with sprinkles .
a beautiful , sexy , good looking lady was sitting next to a guy in a plane . . . the lady said to him , " can you help me remove something from my breast please ? " the exciting young man replied , " wow ! it will be my pleasure . . . so what is it ? " " your eyes , idiot ! "
i think my smartphone is broken . i keep pressing the home button , but i ' m still working .
keep the dream alive : hit the snooze button
every time i hear the dirty word " exercise " , i wash my mouth out with chocolate .
today ' s school kids are spending less time at recess than their predecessors . experts say if the trends continues , future congressmen may not have enough experience goofing off .
a man was solving a crossword . for a four - letter word there was a clue : look at the picture ! the man entered : i see .
- how many blonds do you need to change a lightbulb ? - hundred . one holds the lightbulb and the other ninety nine rotates the house .
- what does a blond say to a two headed monster ? - hello ! hello !
- how to make a blond busy ? - put her in a circle room and tell her to find a corner .
- how to keep a blonde busy ? - tie up both sides of a rope together . give the tied rope to the blonde and tell her to find the end .
what is the difference between a harley and a hoover ? the position of the dirt bag .
why is divorce so expensive ? because it ' s worth it .
what do you get when you put 50 lesbians and 50 politicians in a room together ? 100 people who don ' t do dick .
what do you call a smart blonde ? a golden retriever .
yo mama ' s so fat that when she took her first step everyone thought there was an earthquake .
yo mamma so ugly when she looked at a baby , the baby turned to stone .
how many blondes does it take to put in a light bulb ? 1000 . 1 to screw in the light bulb ; 1 to give the light bulb to the person who ' ll screw in a light bulb and 998 to find the light bulb .
how do you keep a blonde busy ? write with a sharpie and tell her to erase it .
how can you tell if someone is a true blonde ? they clean their hair with air conditioner .
do you know the chinese nickname for the dutch politician geert wilders ? answer : dum thing !
my girl told me she was trying to lose weight , so i said , " do whatever makes you happy inside . just keep in mind that your weight ' s just a number . there ' s no number in the world to measure how beautiful you are . . . unless you include negative numbers . "
yo momma so old she met a t rex in pre - school .
have you heard about the sauna that serves food ? their specialty is steamed mussels .
god told moses to come forth but he tripped on a banana peel and came fifth
whoever said nothing is impossible has never tried slamming a revolving door .
yo mamma is so fat she walked into the gap and filled it .
how many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? sixteen . one to screw it in and fifteen to form a support group .
what is the difference between tiger woods and santa claus ? santa only has three ho ' s .
i saw on the news a little boy being carried up to the sky . i got scared cause i thought michael jackson was ordering take - out from heaven .
santa claus , a boy scout , and a smart blonde jump out of a plane . who lands first ? the boy scout , because the other two don ' t exist .
how many dominicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? two . dominican one to hold the bulb and dominican two to turn dominican one
teacher : billy , tell me the periodic for water . billy : okay . h - i - j - k - l - m - n - o . teacher : what makes you say that ? billy : you said it was h to o .
what do you get if you cross a dinosaur , a tiger , a crocodile , a spider , and a elephant ? i don ' t know but you better get out of it ' s way !
what happens to you if you can not read ? well , since you ' ll probably be staying in kindergarten , less homework !
joe : why did the cow cross the road ? bob : the chicken quit . joe : why did the chicken quit ? bob : he wanted a job that would give him more buck - buck - bucks . joe : hey ! why is why is that duck crossing the road ? bob : i don ' t know . maybe the cow qu - hey ! why am i talking to you ? i don ' t even know you ! joe : why don ' t you kno - bob : shut up !
ever since rhianna got dumped by her boyfriend , she put all the stuff that was his or made her remember him she put : " to the left to the left . . . in the box on the left . . . "
basketball hoops are like misdemeanor . the more i miss it da meanor i get .
a boy and his mom were playing the new game of life were you could put your house were you wanted it . the boy put it on the left side . on his next turn he moved it onto the right side . the mom asked why he did that and he said , " i wanted to live on the other side of life . "
why did the 12 watt lightbulb drop out of school ? it wasn ' t very bright .
register lots of accounts , with each account voting for it as least comedy . if its average comedy drops below 0 . 5 , it will be automatically deleted .
breaking news ! daisy the dalmation is entering the presidential election along with mitt romney and barack obama . right now we are going to hear her campaign speech . " voting for your next president will be very difficult to chose so let me make it easier . you can vote for the white guy or the black guy . you vote for me you get both . ! "
what is it called when your pet snake doesn ' t feel right ? - reptile dysfunction .
what ' s the difference between here and there ? the letter t ! : ) ( take away the t in there and you ' ve got here ! )
a gay pornstar doesn ' t take as many balls to the face as my 4 year old son playing soccer .
one day i was standing in the park wondering how frisbees get bigger when they get closer . then it hit me .
mary had a little lamb , fries and a coke .
why did the chicken cross the road ? to get away from the butcher
mik : " do skunks have a good sense of smell ? " mak : " no ! if they did , they ' d jump off a cliff ! "
a waiter on a ship said to a boarding lion " sir , do you want anything of the chef ' s special ? " the lion said " nah . . i ' ll look at the passenger list , though ! "
why didn ' t megan fox run from the man - eating lion ? because she was a woman . * told to me by a 7 - year - old *
mik : darn it ! there ' s only 2 chips in my bowl . damn you , chips ! mak : aargh ! you made me so angry i am gonna punch them ! mak punches the chips . mik : whoah ! you made 2 big chips into 20 small ones ! mak : i am jesus of the doritos ! !
music student : we played the beatles last night ! gym student : who won ?
the other day , i heard that a good friend of mine was outside during a thunderstorm and got struck by lightning . i was a bit shocked , but not as much as he was .
i don ' t know much about prison , but it sounds like a pain in the ass .
yo momma so old she rode a limosarus to her wedding !
little katie was at sunday school one day . the teacher asked the class " who is someone in your life that worships god by always speaking his name ? " little katie raised her hand and said " the fifth grade teacher at my school ! every time we pass by her room on the way to art i hear her say " i swear to god i have the worst behaved class in the world ! "
" mom ! deaf kids at school are making fun of me . " " what did they say ? "
billy was walking in a shopping center with his mom , and suddenly she stopped to pick up a penny . when she reached out for it , he saw armpit hair . frightened , he said , " you ' re not my mom ! i ' m calling the police . " the man pulled off his mask and said , " okay , you got me . but tell me one thing . how did you know i wasn ' t your mom ? " " because my mom ' s not jewish . "
i got a new dog last week . she ' s a black lab and border collie mix , and still a puppy . i take her with me everywhere i go . but when i took her to the vet to get her shots , they told me i had to put her down . i ' ve only had this dog for a week . seven days . i wanted to keep holding her .
why was the diver angry at the diving board ? because it flipped him off .
so i asked a religious truck driver what his cb handle is . his answer : " my handle ' s ' messiah ' . " ( get it ? sounds like " handel ' s messiah . " )
the word ' function ' should never function as a verb .
' it is christmas time and a man and a woman go out for a meal . after the first two courses , everything is well until the dessert . the man messes up and says something inappropriate to the woman while having their christmas pudding . the woman walks away in anger . then the man says , " please don ' t desert me ; this is our first date . " '
mik and mak are having a pillow fight . mak whacks mik hard . mik yells " are you jamaican because ja maican me crazy ! "
yo momma is so fat , she put on a disney shirt and mickey mouse got diabetes . yo momma is so ugly , she makes blind people cry . yo momma is so fat , she has to hire people to look at her toes . yo momma is so fat , when god said let there be light , he had to ask her to move out of the way . yo momma is so stupid , she failed a blood test .
i bet you i could stop gambling .
a mother and her child were at a wedding . a little boy looks at his mom and says , " mommy , why does the girl wear white ? " his mom replies , " the bride is in white because she ' s happy and this is the happiest day of her life . " the boy thinks about this , and then says , " well then , why is the boy wearing black ? "
mik walked home from work and saw 4 people dressed in grim reaper suits . he ran home . the next time , the next time and 6 more walks for home , he decided to confront them . he yelled " who are you " ? ? ? ? ! ! ! they chased him into a wall . " s - s - show yourself " he squeaked . they took their masks off and yelled " hi , we ' re the wiggles ! "
why wasn ' t jesus born in japan ? he couldn ' t find three wise men or a virgin there .
why did the computer get sick ? he left his windows open
my dad is great at raising kids , if he can remember which are his .
all women are emotional drag queens , and i married their queen
yo mommas so fat that when she got on the electric scales , it read one at a time please .
what do you call a blind german ? a not see !
long ago i gave my kid an ipod . last year he talked me into buying him an iphone . this year he said he needed an ipad . i asked what the i - means and he said that ' s the way apple name their products . now he ' s asking for an i7 laptop . my goodness , apple have made so many things they ' ve now run out of names !
boy : will you marry me ? girl : are you kidding ? you ' re a geek while i need a man with a big bank account and a nice house ! boy : i have 1000 gbs in the cloud . girl : come on , that won ' t even buy us a cabin in texas ! boy : you don ' t know sh * t , my ec2 account can buy a farm in new york if you wish !
two guys are eating a hamburger at a fast food place . 1st guy - does your hamburger taste funny ? 2nd guy - no just yours . mine doesn ' t have a sense of humor .
one woman to another woman woman - those firemen are hot . other woman - yeah they are nice looking . woman - no . i mean they just came out of that burning building . they ' re hot .
what did the dog say to the driver who was driving behind him ? get off my tail !
man says to his girlfriend you ' re the only woman on this planet i won ' t . oh by the way , i ' m taken a trip to mars next week .
what is a 4 letter sport that starts with a t ? golf . ( golf starts with a tee ! )
do you know what the secret of an islamic marriage is ? the man get ' s to see a striptease every night !
hey ! football team ! get off the band field !
band class is the only class where you can blow it .
the blond asked for peanuts on the plane , but she once she got them , she gave them back to the stewardess and asks her to check if there really are peanuts in the bag . the stewardess asks why , to which the blond responds : " the bag says ' may contain nuts ' "
